('Extraordinary Attorney Woo', 'About an autistic 27-year-old lawyer. Due to her high IQ of 164, impressive memory, and creative thought process, the brilliant Woo Young Woo graduated at the top of her class from a prestigious law school.')
('Squid Game', "Hundreds of cash-strapped players accept a strange invitation to compete in children's games. Inside, a tempting prize awaits with deadly high stakes. A survival game that has a whopping 45.6 billion-won prize at stake.")
('Alchemy of Souls', 'The fate of two people becomes twisted due to "hwanhonsool" (the soul of the dead return to the living).')
('Miraculous: Tales of Ladybug & Cat Noir', 'Marinette and Adrien, two normal teens, transform into superheroes Ladybug and Cat Noir when an evil threatens their city.')
('All of Us Are Dead', 'A high school becomes ground zero for a zombie virus outbreak. Trapped students must fight their way out or turn into one of the rabid infected.')
('A Model Family', 'After unwittingly stealing money from a cartel, a cash-strapped professor finds the only way to save his broken family is by working as a drug courier.')
('Pachinko', 'Based on the New York Times bestseller, this sweeping saga chronicles the hopes and dreams of a Korean immigrant family across four generations as they leave their homeland in an indomitable quest to survive and thrive.')
('Big Mouth', 'Thriller about an unsuccessful lawyer who gets involved in a murder case and is somehow fingered as genius swindler Big Mouse.')
('Crash Landing on You', 'The absolute top secret love story of a chaebol heiress who made an emergency landing in North Korea because of a paragliding accident and a North Korean special officer who falls in love with her and who is hiding and protecting her.')
('Kingdom', 'While strange rumors about their ill King grip a kingdom, the crown prince becomes their only hope against a mysterious plague overtaking the land.')
('True Beauty', 'After being bullied and discriminated because of her ugly looks, a high school girl transforms herself into a gorgeous "goddess" and quickly rises to fame after mastering the art of makeup via online tutorial videos.')
('Sweet Home', "Hyun, a loner high school student who lost his entire family in a terrible accident, is forced to leave his home and has to face a new reality where monsters are trying to wipe out all of humanity. Now he must fight against all odds to try and race against the clock to save what is left of the human race before it's too late.")
('Money Heist: Korea - Joint Economic Area', 'A genius strategist and people with different personalities and abilities fighting an extraordinary variable and engaging in an unprecedented hostage play.')
('The Office Blind Date', 'In disguise as her friend, Ha-ri shows up to a blind date to scare him away. But plans go awry when he turns out to be her CEO - and makes a proposal.')
('Vincenzo', 'During a visit to his motherland, a Korean-Italian mafia lawyer gives an unrivaled conglomerate a taste of its own medicine with a side of justice.')
('Twenty Five Twenty One', 'In a time when dreams seem out of reach, a teen fencer pursues big ambitions and meets a hardworking young man who seeks to rebuild his life.')
("It's Okay to Not Be Okay", "An extraordinary road to emotional healing opens up for an selfish antisocial children's book writer and a selfless psych ward caretaker when they cross paths.")
('The Boondocks', 'Adventures of two boys, Riley and Huey Freeman, who undergo a culture clash when they move from Chicago to the suburbs to live with their grandfather.')
('My Name', "The story about a woman who joins an organized crime ring and infiltrates the police as an undercover agent in order to find out the truth about her father's death.")
("The King's Affection", 'The story is set during the Joseon Dynasty when twins were considered an ominous sign. When the Crown Princess Consort gives birth to twins, an order is sent to kill the daughter. To save her, she is secretly sent out of the palace.')
('Mouse', 'A suspenseful story that will center around the key question, "What if we could sort out psychopaths in advance?"')
('Hometown Cha-Cha-Cha', 'A big-city dentist opens up a practice in a close-knit seaside village, home to a charming jack-of-all-trades who is her polar opposite in every way.')
('Remarriage & Desires', 'Through an exclusive matchmaking agency, women strive to marry a desirable bachelor and into the highest echelon of society.')
('Big City Greens', 'The adventurous life of Cricket Green, a country boy who moves with his family from their rural farm to a modern metropolis.')
('Guardian: The Lonely and Great God', 'In his quest for a bride to break his immortal curse, Dokkaebi, a 939-year-old guardian of souls, meets a grim reaper and a sprightly student with a tragic past.')
('Cafe Minamdang', 'A story about a former criminal profiler who now works as a fraudster posing as a fortune teller and the female detective who gets involved with him.')
('Itaewon Class', "An ex-con opens a street bar in Itaewon, while also seeking revenge on the family who was responsible for his father's death.")
('Descendants of the Sun', 'This drama tells of the love story that develops between a surgeon and a special forces officer.')
('Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles', 'The continuing adventures of a quartet of turtle superheroes.')
("What's Wrong with Secretary Kim", 'A romance between perfect but narcissistic second generation heir and his capable assistant.')
('The Silent Sea', 'During a perilous 24-hour mission on the moon, space explorers try to retrieve samples from an abandoned research facility steeped in classified secrets.')
('Snowdrop', 'Adapted from the handwritten notes of a man who escaped from a political prison camp in North Korea, Snowdrop is set against the backdrop of the 1987 Democracy Movement in South Korea.')
('Adamas', 'A story of twin brothers uncovering the truth from an incident 22 years ago.')
('Hellbound', 'People hear predictions on when they will die. When that time comes, a death angel appears in front of them and kills them.')
('Tomorrow', 'Made half-human and half-spirit by accident, a young man is employed by a company of grim reapers in the underworld to carry out special missions.')
('Backstreet Rookie', 'A former troublemaker applies for a job at a convenience store owned by the same man who ran errands for her a few years ago.')
('Mr. Sunshine', 'A young boy who ends up in the U.S. after the 1871 Shinmiyangyo incident returns to Korea at a historical turning point and falls for a noblewoman.')
('Start-Up', "Young entrepreneurs aspiring to launch virtual dreams into reality compete for success and love in the cutthroat world of Korea's high-tech industry.")
('Flower of Evil', '"Flower of Evil" is a suspense melodrama about a man who hides his cruel past and changes his identity, while his detective wife tracks down his past.')
('Our Blues', 'Romance is sweet and bitter - and life riddled with ups and downs - in multiple stories about people who live and work on bustling Jeju Island.')
('Link: Eat, Love, Kill', 'A crime mystery thriller fantasy about a man and woman sharing same emotions. Gye Hoon is a chef whose twin sister went missing. Now he finds his random emotions connected with a girl named Da Hyun.')
('Nevertheless', 'The intoxicating charm of a flirtatious art school classmate pulls a reluctant love cynic into a friends-with-benefits relationship.')
('Run On', 'Veering off course from his preset path, a track star follows his own pace and heart for the first time after a film translator steps into his life')
('Our Beloved Summer', 'A coming of age, romantic comedy revolving around ex-lovers who broke up with a promise never to meet again. But the documentary they filmed ten years ago gets the fame and they are by compulsion facing camera once more.')
('Stranger', 'With the help of a gutsy female detective, a prosecutor who has almost lost the ability to feel emotions tackles a strange murder case amid political corruption.')
('Doom at Your Service', 'Tak Dong Kyung lives a fairly ordinary life until she stumbles into an unexpected fate and ends up signing a hundred-day contract with Myul Mang, risking her everything.')
('Hotel Del Luna', "When he's invited to manage a hotel for dead souls, an elite hotelier gets to know the establishment's ancient owner and her strange world.")
('Strong Girl Bong-soon', 'Do Bong-soon is a woman born with superhuman strength that comes from the long line of women possessing it. when Ahn Min Hyuk, the CEO of ainsoft, a gaming company witnesses her strength he hires her as his personal bodyguard.')
('Tower of God', 'Reach the top, and everything will be yours. At the top of the tower exists everything in this world, and all of it can be yours.')
('Happiness', 'An apocalyptic thriller that takes place in a time in which infectious diseases have become the new normal.')
('The King: Eternal Monarch', 'A modern-day Korean emperor passes through a mysterious portal and into a parallel world, where he encounters a feisty police detective.')
('The Uncanny Counter', 'Noodle shop employees by day and demon hunters by night, the Counters use special abilities to chase down malevolent spirits that prey on humans.')
('W', 'A love story between a couple in their early thirties. They belong to the same era but alternate realities.')
('Vagabond', 'An ordinary man who comes across surprising circumstances that place him in the center of a huge corruption scandal.')
('The K2', 'Kim Je Ha is a former soldier for hire. He is also called K2. He is hired as a bodyguard by Choi Yoo Jin. Choi Yoo Jin is the wife of Jang Se Joon, who is running for president. Meanwhile, Go Anna is the reclusive illegitimate daughter of Jang Se Joon whom Je Ha has to guard.')
('Eve', 'A 2 trillion won divorce case that shocked the country and a woman who seeks revenge on the richest people of Korea.')
('Legend of the Blue Sea', 'A mermaid from the Joseon period ends up in present-day Seoul, where she crosses paths with a swindler who may have ties to someone from her past.')
('The Penthouse: War in Life', 'The story of a woman who strives to achieve her goal of entering high society by becoming the "queen" in the 100th floor penthouse in Gangnam, the pinnacle of success in her eyes.')
('She Would Never Know', 'Based on a popular 2017 Web Novel of the same name, it tells the love story between a lovely "sunbae" and a bold "hoobae".')
('If You Wish Upon Me', 'Yoon Gyeo Rye lived at an orphanage and spent time in prison. He struggles to have a normal life. He volunteers at a hospice. There, he works with volunteer team leader Kang Tae Shik and nurse Seo Yeon Joo .')
('Arthdal Chronicles', 'Arthdal Chronicles depicts the birth of civilization and nations in ancient times. It is a story of mythical heroes, their struggle, unity and love of people living in a virtual land called Arth.')
('Why Her', "The youngest partner at one of the nation's most prestigious law offices, Oh Soo Jae has already proven she has what it takes to be one of the country's best lawyers. Driven by her self-righteous principles and a never-ending desire to win, Soo Jae is well on her way to becoming one TK Law Firm's top attorneys. But when one of her cases takes an unexpected turn, Soo Jae is forced to watch as all of her hard work comes crumbling down around her. Demoted at work, Soo Jae is forced to take on the role of adjunct professor at a local law school. Determined to win back her position within the firm, Soo Jae does her best to settle into her new role but the sting of demotion still lingers. Only after meeting Gong Chan, a university student whose path frequently crosses with Soo Jae, does that sting begin to lessen. Despite carrying the burdens of a painful past, Gong Chan's warm heart remains strong, especially as his affection for Soo Jae grows. Obviously smitten with Soo Jae, Gong Chan stays by her side, even as she struggles to find a way back into the firm's good graces. Will her determination and Gong Chan's support be enough to restore her position, or will the powers that be continue to push her down?\n\n—Rakuten Viki")
('Star Wars: Clone Wars', "The events and battles of the Galactic Republic's last major war are recounted.")
('Hwarang: The Poet Warrior Youth', 'Revolves around an elite group of male warrior youth called Hwarang who grow through passion and love in Seorabeol, the capital of the ancient kingdom of Silla.')
('Move to Heaven', 'Working as trauma cleaners, both Gu-ru and Sang-gu uncover various stories of the deceased while experiencing different emotions and sentiments toward life, death and family.')
('While You Were Sleeping', "The drama is about a woman, Nam Hong Joo, who can see accidents that take place in the future through her dreams. And a prosecutor, Jung Jae Chan, who struggles to stop the woman's dreams from coming true.")
('Tale of the Nine Tailed', 'An urban dark fantasy drama about a gumiho who settles into the city and a producer who is after it.')
('Extraordinary You', 'The story of a girl who finds out that she is in fact a supporting character in a web comic and decides to change her fate.')
('Reply 1988', 'Follows the lives of 5 families living on the same street in a neighbourhood called Ssangmundong in Seoul. It takes a nostalgic look back at the year 1988.')
('Hospital Playlist', 'Hospital Playlist tells the story of five doctors who have been friends since they entered medical school in 1999.')
('Boys Over Flowers', 'Poor girl attends the elite Shin Hwa High and is bullied by the leader of F4 (the four richest boys). He becomes attracted to her; however, she has a crush on his best friend. Whom will she choose?')
('My Mister', "A man in his 40's withstands the weight of life. A woman in her 20's goes through different experiences, but also withstands the weight of her life. The man and woman get together to help each other.")
('Craig of the Creek', 'Craig of the Creek follows a young boy, Craig, and his two friends, Kelsey and JP, as they go on adventures within a world of untamed, kid-dominated wilderness in the creek.')
('Sell Your Haunted House', 'An occult drama about real estate brokers who exorcise and clean out buildings in which ghosts frequent and people have died in.')
('Because This Is My First Life', "Ji Ho is a single woman. She's a writing assistant of dramas. She's a strong and determined woman. Unfortunately, she has to leave her house and seeks other place to live. Her friends help her to find a roommate. That roommate is Se Hee.")
('The Transformers', 'Two opposing factions of transforming alien robots engage in a battle that has the fate of Earth in the balance.')
('Beyond Evil', "The story of two fearless men who are willing to go through extreme lengths in their pursuit of a returning serial killer. To uncover the murderer's identity, the two are forced to look deeper than what the evidence seems to suggest.")
("Today's Webtoon", 'The story is about a woman who struggles together with her coworkers to mature into a true webtoon editor after joining the webtoon editorial department.')
('Totally Spies!', 'Three teenage girls from Beverly Hills attempt to balance their lives as high school (later university) students with their undercover work as super-spies, battling an array of bizarre criminals.')
('Taxi Driver', 'The story of a deluxe taxi driver who gets revenge on behalf of his passengers. It is based on the webtoon Deluxe Taxi by Carlos and Lee Jae-jin')
('The Empress Ki', 'A Korea-born warrior girl had to be a servant at the Mongol Yuan court but somehow overcame her low status to become an empress in another land.')
('Dali and the Cocky Prince', 'It is about the romance between a parvenu who lacks education, and the daughter of a prestigious family who tries to save a collapsed art museum.')
('My Liberation Diary', '"My Liberation Diary" tells a story of three siblings and a stranger.')
('The Sound of Magic', "When she was little, Yun Ai dreamed of becoming a magician. But in reality, she's just a high school student who can't even afford new socks. After meeting a mysterious magician at a carnival, she decides to follow her dream.")
('Something in the Rain', "Yoon Jin Ah is a woman in her mid-30s who doesn't know yet what it's like to date a man. She's been dumped by a man many times because of her clumsy, reckless and foolish behavior. And again, a man she wanted to marry dumps her for the worst reason ever: that she's like bland, tasteless devil's-tongue jelly, which means she's not attractive at all as a woman. Just then, Joon Hee appears before her with a broad smile on his face. He's as refreshing as a soft drink. Joon Hee is Jin Ah's childhood best friend's younger brother, who used to live next door. Jin Ah has always remembered him as a little kid, but one day, he comes back as a really masculine man. When she is surprised by his change, her gut feeling tells her that she would truly fall in love this time.")
('My Roommate Is a Gumiho', 'The thrilling love story of Shin Woo Yeo, a 999-years-old gumiho who wants to become human, and Lee Dam, who accidentally swallowed his fox bead.')
('My Love from Another Star', 'Do Min-Joon, an alien that came to our planet 400 years ago, will be able to return to his planet in 3 months, but when he meets famous actress Chun Song-Yi, all the centuries he spent distancing himself from humans come to an end.')
('Healer', 'An old murder incident involving a group who ran an illegal broadcasting station brings together different people - a mysterious errand guy "Healer" who possesses disguise and fighting skills, a reporter from a second-rate tabloid, and a famous journalist. They will have to deal with the cruel conflict of truth versus faith.')
('Shooting Stars', "Oh Han Byul leads an entertainment agency's PR team. One of her top clients is star Gong Tae Sung who does no wrong. They went to the same university, where he became her swoon enemy. They bicker but soon develop feelings for one another.")
('Juvenile Justice', 'A prickly judge who despises juvenile criminals arrives at a juvenile court, where she takes on a complex role examining punishment for young offenders.')
('Extracurricular', "A model high school student who's steeped in a world of serious crime finds his double life upended when a classmate takes an interest in his secret.")
('Just Between Lovers', 'A major accident takes the lives of 48 people. The lives of the survivors, those who lost loved ones and those connected to the parties blamed for the tragic event are also marked forever.')
('D.P.', "A young private's assignment to capture army deserters reveals the painful reality endured by each enlistee during his compulsory call of duty.")
('Dr. Romantic', '"Romantic Doctor Kim" is a "real doctor" story set in a small, humble hospital called Dol Dam Hospital. It is a story about people who meet Kim Sa Bu (Han Suk Kyu), a genius doctor, and discover "real romance."')
('Weightlifting Fairy Kim Bok-Joo', 'A coming-of-age story about a group of college athletes who are fighting for their dreams, experiencing and finding love in the process, and growing every step of the way.')
('Heirs', "After a chance encounter in LA, two teens from different social backgrounds reunite at an exclusive high school attended by Korea's über rich.")
('Anna', "Yoo Mi is the woman who tells a small lie and ends up living someone else's life. Hyun Joo is a woman who lives her life holding herself above everyone, treating them with neither kindness nor malice. She has a subtly tense relationship with Yoo Mi. Ji Hoon is Yoo Mi's husband who is ambitious and future-oriented. Ji Won is a dependable senior who is the only person whom Yoo Mi trusts. (Source: Naver)\n\n—mariamiteloro")
('The Tale of Nokdu', 'Jeon Nok Du is a man with extraordinary ambition to experience the big, wide world. With looks, brains, and athletic abilities, he is the epitome of perfection. After being swept up in an incident, he disguises himself as a woman to join a mysterious all-woman community and meets Dong Dong Joo. Dong Dong Joo is a prickly gisaeng trainee. Along with her fiery personality, she is clumsy, has absolutely no sense of rhythm, and is tone-deaf, which makes all of her peers look after her. However, she is skilled with her hands as she can make anything if given the right tools. Unable to stand injustice, she speaks her mind.')
('Romance Is a Bonus Book', "Cha Eun Ho is a successful and handsome writer who is also the youngest chief editor at a publishing company. He has a calm demeanor and remains reasonable at work. He then becomes involved in the life of his childhood friend, Kang Dan Yi who was once a popular copywriter. She is now divorced, a single mother, unemployed and struggling in life though still attempts to find a job, but even with her once good career, she cannot. However, in a desperate attempt to find a job, she lies about her background and begins to work as a temporary worker in the same building under none other than Cha Eun Ho. As they become involved in each other's life more than often, a love story begins to unfold.")
('Signal', 'Detectives from the present and a detective from the past communicate via walkie-talkie to solve a long-time unsolved case.')
('Prison Playbook', 'Baseball pitcher Kim Je-hyeok becomes a convict overnight after being sent to prison for defending his sister from a sexual assault, days before he was due to fly to the US to join the Boston Red Sox.')
('Meteorological Administration People: Office Romance Cruelty', 'An office melodrama that depicts work life and love life of the people working in Korea Meteorological Administration which is hotter than tropical nights and more indispensable than local heavy rains.')
("Yumi's Cells", 'The story of an ordinary office worker named Yumi-from the point of view of the many brain cells in her head controlling her every thought, feeling, and action.')
('Ghost Doctor', "Cha Young Min is a genius doctor but arrogant and selfish. One day, he gets involved in an unexpected case; his spirit possesses another doctor's body. These two doctors are complete opposites, with personalities and medical abilities.")
('Doctor Lawyer', 'A medical and legal drama of a surgeon who becomes a lawyer after a case of surgical malpractice.')
('Sijipeuseu: The Myth', "An unfathomable incident introduces a genius engineer to dangerous secrets of the world, and to a woman from the future who's come looking for him.")
('Age of Youth', '5 college students, from different walks of life end up living together in a fictional house share called Belle Epoque')
('The God of High School', 'A tournament takes place to determine the best fighter among all high school students in Korea.')
('Good Doctor', 'A medical drama about a surgical resident with autistic disorder and savant syndrome.')
('Beauty Inside', "The series tells the love story of Han Se Gye, an actress who must spend one week out of each month living in someone else's body, and Seo Do Jae, a man who suffers from Prosopagnosia.")
('Oh My Venus', 'A lawyer in her thirties coming out of a long relationship decides to regain her figure and health after meeting a renowned personal trainer who obsesses with leading a healthy lifestyle after suffering a serious injury in his childhood.')
('Fight for My Way', 'Ko Dong Man, a high school Taekwondo champion who is now pursuing a career in the UFC, and Choi Ae Ra, a dynamic girl whose desire is to become a famous announcer, have been best friends since childhood. Now, they have to confront the change in their feelings towards each other as well as overcome difficulties to make their dreams come true.')
('Love in the Moonlight', 'The unlikely love story between a crown prince and his eunuch.')
('Her Private Life', 'A romantic comedy about a talented gallery curator named Sung Duk Mi, who is an idol fan-girl underneath her professional veneer. Meanwhile, her boss Ryan becomes a passionate fan-boy of her.')
('SKY Castle', "A satirical drama that closely looks at the materialistic desires of upper-class parents in South Korea and how they ruthlessly secure the successes of their families at the cost of destroying others' lives.")
('Do You Like Brahms?', 'A drama about the dreams and love of classical music students who find their own happiness after wandering between talent and reality.')
('Suspicious Partner', 'Eun Bong Hee is a prosecutor trainee who unfortunately becomes a murder suspect. Noh Ji Wook who is a prosecutor tries to help Eun Bong Hee but loses his job in the process. After the prosecution, Eun Bong Hee who is free from the crime falls in love with Noh Ji Wook. But Noh does not accept her love towards him but offers to help her in finding the real suspect. In the mean time the real murderer plots a plan to avoid being caught.\n\n—Arvind Vikram')
('The World of the Married', 'A story about a married couple whose betrayal of one another leads to a whirlwind of revenge.')
('Pinocchio', 'A young boy, whose life and family has been destroyed by new media, gets adopted by a family in a rural area after being found lost at sea. He conceals his past for 13 years. But then the girl he loves, a reporter, finds out the truth.')
('My ID Is Gangnam Beauty', 'Kang Mi Rae recovers her self esteem after being bullied as she gets to know Do Kyung Suk after getting plastic surgery. Then she gets called the "Gangnam plastic surgery monster."')
('The Devil Judge', 'During a time of chaos, a judge turns the court into something like a reality show and punishes evil people mercilessly.')
('A Korean Odyssey', 'In 2017, Son Oh Gong and Ma Wang are in conflict with each other and they look for a true light in a dark world where evils exists everywhere.')
('Thirty Nine', 'Three rounding almost the 40 year old mark, will juggle life, work and relationships.')
('Soundtrack #1', 'Best friends for almost twenty years, our two main characters can no longer ignore the feelings blooming between them as they start living together.')
('Cinderella and the Four Knights', 'A young girl who lives with her cruel stepmother and sister, accidentally meets 3 young and rich cousins who live a luxury life in a big mansion and is hired by the boys grandpa to look after their bad behavior.')
('The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack', 'The comical seafaring adventures of a young, enthusiastic boy, his pirate captain mentor, and the talking whale that raised him from birth.')
('Bulgasal', 'The story of a man-turned-immortal, Bulgasal, who wants revenge from a woman with a mysterious past and present, who he deems responsible for his immortality and miseries from the past 600 years, hoping to free himself from his curse.')
('Record of Youth', 'Two actors and a makeup artist fight to make their own way in a world that weighs the backgrounds they were born into more than their dreams.')
('Mr. Queen', 'When a modern day chef gets trapped in the body of a queen in the Joseon era, chaos ensues.')
('Black', 'A man possessed by death. A woman who can see death. The earthly and the afterworld collide dangerously.')
('Abyss', "After meeting an untimely demise in separate incidents, Cha Min and Go Se-yeon discover they've come back to life in new bodies they don't recognize.")
('Love Alarm', 'In a world where an app alerts people if someone in the vicinity likes them, Kim Jojo experiences young love while coping with personal adversities.')
('My Country: The New Age', 'Set during the end of the Goryeo period to the early Joseon period. Two friends aim their swords against one another due to differences in opinion about "my country."')
("I'm Not a Robot", 'Kim Min Gyu has wealth and success, but lives an isolated life due to his allergy of people. He then meets and falls in love with a girl who is pretending to be a robot for her ex-boyfriend, a genius robots professor.')
('Hell Is Other People', 'Unpleasant events disturb the life of an aspiring crime fiction writer when he becomes a resident of an apartment building teeming with shady neighbors.')
('Youth of May', 'Set in 1980s during the Gwangju Uprising, Youth of May tells the love story of a medical student Hwang Hee Tae and a nurse Kim Myung Hee.')
('Red Sleeve', 'Based on a novel of the same name, it tells the record of a royal court romance between the King of Joseon who believes his duty is to his country first above love, and a court lady who wants to protect the life she has chosen.')
('One Ordinary Day', 'A remake of the BBC drama "Criminal Justice" that delves into the criminal justice system through the story of two men surrounding a woman\'s murder.')
('Bad and Crazy', "A heroic drama that follows capable but bad cop Ryoo Soo-yeol regaining his humanity after meeting the righteous but crazy 'K'.")
('Dear. M', 'A search takes place for "M" who wrote something on the community board of Seoyeon University\'s website.The writing turned the university upside down.')
('The Good Detective', 'A drama about the race between people who want to get closer to the truth and those who want to cover it up.')
('The Fiery Priest', 'A drama about a Catholic priest with anger management issues and a detective from the Gudam Police Station who meet during their joint investigation into the murder of an elderly priest.')
('Clean with Passion for Now', 'Gil Oh Sol, an employee at a cleaning company, meets Jang Sun Gyeol, the boss of the company. The two are diametric opposite when it comes to cleanliness. With the help of Oh Sol, Sun Gyeol faces his mysophobia and finds love.')
('Dr. Brain', 'Brilliant brain scientist Sewon (Lee Sun-Kyun) suffers a horrific personal tragedy. Desperate to uncover what happened to his family, he conducts "brain syncs" with the dead to access their memories for clues.')
('Eulachacha Waikiki', 'With big dreams of financing their own film project, three struggling young men join forces in a guesthouse venture that is anything but profitable.')
('Voice', 'Revolves around an emergency call center and the employees who attempt to fight crime using the limited information they get from the urgent calls they receive.')
('Alhambeura Goongjeonui Chooeok', "After suffering a setback following a friend's betrayal Yoo Jin Woo travels to Spain on a business. There, he stays at an old hostel owned by a former classical guitarist Jung Hee Joo. The two get entangled in a mysterious incident.")
('Poong, the Joseon Psychiatrist', 'About a royal physician who got expelled from the royal court and now heals souls in a strange but beautiful village.')
('Running Man', 'Running Man is a reality-variety show where the cast must complete missions at various places to win the race.')
('Stove League', 'The story of two managers whose goal is to move their baseball team from the bottom of the league to the top.')
('Rookie Historian Goo Hae-Ryung', 'Set in the early 19th century. Goo Hae Ryung works as a historian. Female historians like Goo Hae Ryung are generally looked down upon because of their gender. Yet, Goo Hae Ryung fulfills her duty as a historian. She gets involved with Prince Lee Rim.\n\n—AsianWiki')
('My Secret Romance', 'Jin-wook and Yoo-mi meet at a Gangwon-do resort and get caught up in a series of misunderstandings and accidents.')
('Mine', 'Encaged in a gold-clad life of secrets and lies, two women in a conglomerate family seek to topple all that stands in their way of finding true joy.')
('Lovers of the Red Sky', 'Set during the Joseon era, Hong Chun Gi is a female painter with genius like painting talent. She is picked as the first female painter of the Dohwaseo. For her, painting is everything. One day, she meets Ha Ram.')
('Insider', 'After going undercover for an investigation, Kim Yo Han experiences a crisis and ends up struggling to try to obtain a hand of cards that will change his fate as he gambles in prison.')
('18 Again', 'A 37-year-old man on the verge of being divorced from his wife suddenly finds himself inside his 18-year-old body. He starts living a new life under a new name to get closer to his children and protect them.')
('Touch Your Heart', "A romance between a lawyer and a top actress, whose life goes downhill after becoming caught up in a scandal with a third generation chaebol. She fakes her position to become the lawyer's secretary in order to star in a famous writer's drama.")
('Lawless Lawyer', 'A "gangster lawyer" who doesn\'t trust the law and feels free to use his fists. He takes advantage of loopholes in the law and boasts an excellent win rate. Other lawyers may consider the legal code sacred, but he considers it more of a tool "like an appliance user manual." He fights against those in absolute power, standing all alone in the world, driven solely by the thought of avenging his mother.')
('Police University', 'The series depicts the story of a National Police University campus, and the conflict and harmony between professor and students.')
('The Great Queen Seondeok', 'Story of Queen Seondeok who was born a princess, brought up among commoners and overcame many trials to become the ruler of Silla.')
('To My Star', 'Actor Kang Seo Joon (Son Woo Hyun) was once one of South Korea\'s biggest and most popular stars, but his career is now in decline. But despite his fall in popularity, he believes he has had a change of fortune when he meets and falls for a dashing young chef named Han Ji Woo (Kim Kang Min). Despite having wildly different personalities, the two begin on a relationship. But their love comes under threat when the more conservative Han Ji Woo and the free-spirited Kang Seo Joon realize that their outlook on life, love, and everything else appears irrevocably different. "To My Star" is a 2020 South Korean drama series that was directed by Hwang Da Seul.')
('Melting Me Softly', 'This Is a sci-fi romantic comedy. The story tells about a man and a woman who participated in a 24-hour human freezing experiment. Due to a mysterious scheme the pair wake up 20 years later.')
('Love All Play', "A sports romance drama that depicts the passion and affection for badminton of a male and female protagonist who is a mixed doubles group with players from the badminton business team. Park Tae-Yang was a promising badminton athlete. Due to an incident, she left the sport of badminton. 3 year later, she decides to join the badminton team Eunice. Her life once revolved entirely around badminton and now she returns to the sport that she dreamed of playing. Park Tae Joon, who naturally wound up in the world of badminton because of his parents' badminton equipment business. Although he had begun to see the sport as work, his passion for badminton is reignited due to a desire to impress a woman. He gets cut by the city hall team and signs with team Eunice. There, Park Tae-Joon meets Park Tae-Yang.\n\n—AsianWiki, Naver")
('Ailiseu', 'The National Security Service (NSS) is a secret South Korean black ops agency that takes on a secret terrorist organization, called IRIS.')
('Uncontrollably Fond', 'The memory of their painful breakup still fresh in their minds, two former lovers reunite years later as a top actor and a documentary producer.')
('One Spring Night', 'A couple in their 30s has dated for many years. When they begin to discuss marriage, they begin to look upon their relationship in a different light.')
('100 Days My Prince', "Upon losing his memory, a crown prince encounters a commoner's life and experiences unforgettable love as the husband to Joseon's oldest bachelorette.")
('Kiss Sixth Sense', 'Ye Sol can see the future when she kisses someone. One day she accidentally kissed her boss Cha Min Hoo on the neck and saw that in the future they were lying in the same bed.')
('Again My Life', 'A hot-blooded prosecutor is murdered when he gets entangled in an investigation around a corrupt politician. He gets sent back in time to when he was 18 years old, and he prepares to take down his enemy.')
("Single's Inferno", "Single's Inferno is about nine people who co-live on an island and try to find the love of their life.")
('Dream High', 'Six dedicated students at Kirin Art High School work to achieve their dreams of becoming stars in the Korean music industry.')
("OK K.O.! Let's Be Heroes", 'An enthusiastic young boy earns a job at a hero supply store and trains to become the "Greatest Hero Ever."')
('The Bride of Habaek', "The Water God Habaek visits earth to fulfill his mission with the help of his servant in the human world, named psychiatrist Yoon So Ah, whose ancestor have promised to serve The Water God for generations. Unfortunately she doesn't believe in the gods and mistakes him for a delusional patient. Things get even more strange, when The Wind god Bi Ryum, The Water Goddess Mu Ra, and Demi-God Hu Ye shows up to complicate things. What will happen now.\n\n—Shuvo Hasan")
('Jinxed at First', "Seven years ago, Soo Gwang had a perfectly normal, happy life but all that changed when he happened upon Seul Bi, a woman who, despite their brief meeting, changed his life forever. Since that day, every time he dreams of Seul Bi, something terrible happens to him. Though Soo Gwang has no idea why this woman has had such a strange effect on his fortune, Seul Bi does. Having inherited a special ability from her mother, both women can see a person's future through a single touch. Using this gift to their advantage, a wealthy family has kept Seul Bi and her mother captive for years. When fate allows Seul Bi a rare opportunity to escape, she takes it and runs straight to Soo Gwang. Standing face-to-face with the woman who started his streak of bad luck all those years ago, Soo Gwang isn't sure whether he should help Seul Bi or run from her. With one desperate for freedom and the other desperate to change their fate, will Soo Gwang and Seul Bi become each other's greatest ally or worst enemy?\n\n—mikkiparker")
('She Was Pretty', 'When Ji Sung-Joon was young, he was ugly. As he grew up, he began to have an attractive appearance. When Kim Hye-Jin was young, she was pretty. As she grew up, she became ugly. Ji Sung-Joon tries to find his first love.')
('Camp Lazlo!', 'Bean Scout Lazlo, a fun-loving, free-spirited monkey, and his two bunkmates Raj and Clam, wreak havoc on a very structured summer camp.')
('Law School', 'When a grim incident occurs at their prestigious school, justice through law is put to a test by a tough law professor and his ambitious students.')
('So I Married My Anti-Fan', 'The romance between top star Hoo Joon and his anti-fan reporter Lee Geun Young who end up living together.')
('Kill Me, Heal Me', 'A love story between the son from a wealthy family who has 7 personalities Cha Do Hyun (Ji Sung) and Oh Ri Jin (Hwang Jung Eum) who becomes his secret psychiatrist.')
('Aelliseu', 'The story of detective Park Jin Gyeom who comes to know about the existence of time travelers while investigating a mysterious murder case.')
('When the Weather is Fine', 'A story about forgiveness, healing and love taking place around a small book store in the countryside.')
('Higglytown Heroes', 'Higglytown is full of everyday heroes like Mail Carrier Hero (Kathie Lee Gifford), Fireman Hero (Donald Faison), and Bus Driver Hero (Stuart Pankin). This inventive series taught children about their ever-growing environment in an entertaining way.')
('Skylanders Academy', '"Skylanders Academy" follows the heroic adventures of Spyro, Eruptor, Stealth Elf, Jet-Vac and Pop Fizz as they travel the vast Skylands universe, protecting it from evil-doers.')
('Navillera', 'A 70-year-old with a dream and a 23-year-old with a gift lift each other out of harsh realities and rise to the challenge of becoming ballerinos.')
('City Hunter', "Lee Yun-seong was trained by his father's best friend in order to get revenge on the government for killing everyone in his father's unit.")
('Fated to Love You', 'A touching Korean drama filled with comedy about a girl who finds happiness, friendship and love in the most unexpected way!')
('Search: WWW', 'Bae Ta Mi works as a director for a big web portal company. She is in her late 30s and is quite competitive. With her competitiveness, Ta Mi enjoys success. The methods she uses to win has her wondering if she is doing the right thing with her life. Has she sacrificed too much of her personal life for success? Park Mo Gun is a man in his 20s and is a gifted composer. He creates music for video games. Mo Gun meets Ta Mi at an arcade; her competitive spirit attracts him and he falls in love with her.\n\n—AsianWiki')
('Haereul poomeun dal', "The story of the secret love between Lee Hwon, a fictional king of Joseon, and Wol, a female shaman. Wol was born as Heo Yeon Woo, the daughter of a noble family who won the love of the crown prince, Hwon. Her enemies, jealous of her family's position in court, schemed against her, wrestled away her rightful place as crown princess, and nearly took her life. Years later, an embittered Hwon meets Wol, now a female shaman with no recollection of her past.\n\n—DramaWiki")
('The Crowned Clown', 'The story takes place in Joseon period, when power struggles surrounding the throne had reached extreme levels. In order to escape those who plan to assassinate him, the King puts a clown, who looks exactly like him, on the throne.')
('Military Prosecutor Do Bae Man', 'Do Bae Man and Cha Woo In begin to work together as they break down evils in the military.')
('Oh My Ghost', "Timid Na Bong Sun gets possessed by the ghost of a confident young woman who seeks to solve her one unfinished business by hooking up with Bong Sun's boss, famous chef Kang Sun Woo.")
("Baby Shark's Big Show!", "PINKFONG's popular brand, Baby Shark, is back with a fun-filled preschool series. It follows Baby Shark and his best friend, William the fish, as they journey on comedic adventures in their community of Carnivore Cove.")
('Secret Garden', "A rich young CEO falls for a poor stuntwoman despite class differences, cultural traditions and the man's firmly objecting mother.")
('Save Me', 'A young girl coming to a small town with her family. And through tragic events getting involved with a religious cult.')
('Live Up to Your Name', 'The best acupuncturist of Joseon, Heo Im, finds himself traveling 400 years into the future, where he meets Choi Yeon Kyung, doctor in a modern hospital. Though impressed by her, differences in their methods and priorities make them clash.')
('My Unfamiliar Family', 'This drama tells the story of a family that is slowly starting to drift apart.')
('Muppet Babies', "Baby versions of Jim Henson's famous Muppet characters go on wacky adventures through their imaginations")
('Crazy Love', "No Go Jin is the most popular mathematics instructor in the private education field and the CEO of GOTOP Education. Even though he has only a high school level education, he has achieved all of his success due to his extreme intelligence. He seems like a perfect man with a handsome appearance, high IQ, and wealth. He is also narcissistic. One day, he is suddenly warned that he will be murdered. Lee Shin A works as No Go Jin's secretary. She is a diligent and responsible employee. Due to her quiet and introverted personality, she has little presence with her boss No Go Jin and her colleagues at work. Her colleagues begin to recognize her because she has worked for the notorious No Go Jin for more than 1 year. She then learns that she does not have much time left to live.")
('The Innocent Man', "Kang Ma-Ru is a promising medical student, until he takes the blame for a crime he didn't commit. When he finds an opportunity for revenge, he takes it, using Seo Eun-Gi. Ma-Ru soon discovers that are things more important than revenge, though.\n\n—Lily Cooper")
('Mischievous Kiss', 'Fate brings polar opposite high school classmates (one obsessively attracted to the other, the other indifferent to all advances) to live under one roof. Is romance possible?')
('Never Give Up', 'N/A')
('Encounter', 'Brought together by fate, a woman who seems to have everything and a young man who seems to have nothing decides to give up an ordinary life to be together.')
('Kairos', 'A fantasy thriller about a man who is in shock of losing his daughter and a woman who lives in the past, both struggling to save the ones they love.')
('Bring It On, Ghost', 'A cohabitation comedy about a ghost of a high school girl who has been dead for 5 years and an exorcist college boy with the ability to see and hear ghosts. What he\'s discovered over the years is that he can touch them and fight them off, so when he\'s in need of a part-time job and can\'t find one that pays well enough, he starts putting ads online as an exorcist for hire. His ad: "Will face off with your ghosts. Chances of winning: virgin ghosts 80%, bachelor ghosts 40%, child ghosts 97%, the rest 50%." One night he goes out on the job and faces off with a schoolgirl ghost, and during the fight, they accidentally kiss and sparks fly.\n\n—MyDramaList')
('Tunnel', 'A detective follows the trail of a serial killer 30 years into the future and teams up with detectives in that time period to find the culprit.')
('The Veil', 'A spy investigation show with a story about a top National Intelligence Service (NIS) agent. In his endeavor to uncover the internal traitor that brought him to his downfall, he confronts a much bigger enemy behind the organization.')
('In the SOOP BTS Ver.', 'The members of BTS enjoy the beauty of the SOOP as they create their own schedules in advance and each spend time enjoying their hobbies. From painting to canoeing, the seven of them will be spending time together in the same place.')
("You're Too Much", 'Two new episodes added every Thursday! Uhm Jung Hwa (Venus Talk, Witch\'s Romance) and Jang Hee Jin (My Shy Boss, Mirror of the Witch) star in a drama about a woman who gave up something she loved for fame, only to meet someone who has nothing but still supports the ones she loves. When a singer with a deep-seated pain comes across an imitator with a family to feed, both their lives are changed forever. Yoo Ji Na (Uhm Jung Hwa) is a beloved pop singer and celebrity. She is gorgeous, confident and turns heads everywhere she goes.But past all her hallyu good looks and superstar smile is a deep-seated regret. 20 years ago, Yoo Ji Na was not a star. She was a young woman, desperate for success. In her desperation, Yoo Ji Na left behind her son, abandoning him to focus on getting fame. When her child needed her, she failed him. She found success, but lost the one that mattered. Jung Hae Dang (Jang Hee Jin) is a performer. Most wouldn\'t know her name, which they think is "ridiculous." She is not famous. She is not gorgeous. She is like a hundred other people we cross on the street without sending a second look their way. But it\'s not her name her fans care about. It\'s the fact that she is a good Yoo Ji Na impersonator. She is also the main breadwinner for her family ever since her dad lost his job. When she recognizes there is a demand for her talent, Jung Hae Dang starts impersonating the famous singer at a club to support her loved ones. So when the original Yoo Ji Na meets the copycat Jung Hae Dang, the two could not be more different. Can they learn what fate is trying to teach them by bringing them together, or will the singer and the faker just become way too much for another? There is also Lee Kyung Soo (Kang Tae Oh from Miss Korea), a blind piano player who lost his parents and his sight in an accident, but has grown up to be quite the charmer. Plus, there is also Park Hyun Joon (Jung Gyu Woon from Oh My Venus), a "perfect chaebol" who harbors a deep hatred for his family.')
('Private Lives', 'In a world where data is no longer private, con artists uncover a sinister surveillance scheme headed by the government and a greedy corporation.')
('My Golden Life', 'A woman has a chance for success, but falls into a bottomless pit of her life. She looks for ways to find happiness through her circumstance.')
('The 1st Shop of Coffee Prince', 'A tomboy, mistaken for a lad, maintains the deception for the sake of employment. The situation becomes complicated when her male boss begins to develop feelings for this "boy."')
("The Master's Sun", 'Tae Gong Sil has the ability to see ghosts, but their constant demands for help make her life impossible until she meets Joo Jong Won, a handsome CEO who measures everything by money, since when she touches him, the ghosts disappear.')
('Bridal Mask', "In 1930s Korea, during the Japanese colonial era, a man who is a Korean police officer assigned to aid the Japanese in the annihilation of the local rebellion, secretly dons the 'Bridal Mask' and fights the unjust regime.")
("Father, I'll Take Care of You", 'After their 4 children become independent, an old couple decide to live for themselves. One day, their 4 children come back to them.')
('A Love So Beautiful', 'Love is as tough as it is sweet for a lovestruck teenager, whose relationship with her next-door neighbor transforms as they grow into adulthood.')
('Alvinnn!!! And the Chipmunks', 'A single dad has his hands full raising six rambunctious chipmunks in this animated comedy.')
('Mystic Pop-up Bar', "A young man with an unique ability begins working for a centuries-old bar owner who resolves her customers' emotional troubles by entering their dreams.")
('The Smile Has Left Your Eyes', "A detective takes on a murder case that was disguised as suicide and becomes obsessed with solving it. But his younger sister falls in love with a man that is somehow connected to the murder. The detective tries to push the two away from each other, because he knows the man isn't a good person but the young woman has sympathy for him.")
('When My Love Blooms', 'Jae-hyun and Ji-soo fell in love when they were university students. Twenty years later, they cross paths once again: Jae-hyun has become a successful businessman, while Ji-soo is a mother and a contract worker living a difficult life.')
('Dramaworld', 'What would YOU do if you fell into your favorite K-drama?')
('My Secret Terrius', 'Go Ae Rin suddenly loses her husband. A mysterious man, Kim Bon, lives next door. Kim Bon is a legendary NIS agent. He helps Ae Rin uncover a conspiracy, which husband became involved with.')
('School 2017', 'The story of 18-year old students who have to battle the discrimination at their school in order to have a future.')
('Doctor John', 'In a refreshing take on the genre, "Doctor John" will portray the doctors\' search for the cause of their patients\' mysterious pain as a thrilling chase, almost like a detective hunting down the perpetrator behind an unsolved crime.')
('More Than Friends', 'A romantic drama about a man and a woman who, due to a misunderstanding, have held a crush on each other for over 10 years.')
('Son: The Guest', 'A psychic, a Catholic priest, and a detective team up to fight crimes caused by supernatural forces.')
('Designated Survivor: 60 Days', 'When the National Assembly suffers a catastrophic attack, Minister of Environment Park Mu Jin must find a way to lead Korea through the ensuing chaos.')
('I Hear Your Voice', "The legal drama centers around Jang Hye Sung, a brazen, sharp-tongued female attorney who says everything that comes to her mind with no filter. When she gets to the point in her career where it's hard to muster up any enthusiasm for her work, she teams up with the serious Cha Kwan Woo, a passionate public defender, and Park Soo Ha, a 19-year-old high-school student with a special ability to hear people's inner thoughts. Seldom she knew that she has a past conncetion with Park Soo Ha. Together, they also must face a killer with a personal vendetta that entwines all of their lives. Can they bring the dangerous man to justice?")
("Sheriff Callie's Wild West", "A kids' western centered on a kitty-cat sheriff whose job is to ensure that the town of Nice and Friendly Corners remains the friendliest town in the West.")
('Bad Guys', 'A group of criminals are brought together by the law to assist in stopping crime.')
('Mad for Each Other', "Bothered to realize they are next-door neighbors and share a psychiatrist, a man and a woman find it's impossible to stay out of each other's way.")
('The Great Jang-Geum', 'A series based on a real person in Korean history, Suh, Jang-geum.')
('Yeopgijeogin Geunyeo', 'A love story of a cold city scholar Gyun Woo, who\'s known as "Joseon\'s national treasure", and the sassy princess Hye Myung in a Joseon Dynasty era.')
('Personal Taste', "The surprise hit of 2010, Personal Taste (aka Personal Preference) garnered high ratings and a huge fanbase in a comedy that proves true love is found in the most unlikely places. Quirky and insecure Gaein lives alone in her father's famous 'Old World'--an architectural tribute to old Korea and Gaein's late mother. Money troubles loom and Gaein is desperate for a roommate. To get inside this rare building, architect Jinho (Lee Minho from Boys Over Flowers) allows Gaein to believe he's gay. Their friendship deepens and grows to love in this tender romantic comedy. D. Bannon is the author of The Elements of Subtitles.\n\n—D. Bannon")
('Special Agent Oso', "A kids' show centered around a special agent-in-training needs the help of viewers at home in order to complete his missions.")
('Yong Pal', 'Kim Tae-hyun is a talented surgeon. Desperate for money to pay for his sister\'s medical bills, he adopts the code name Yong-pal and offers his medical skills to those in need of medical attention but who cannot do so publicly, dealing with criminals and corrupt plutocrats. Joining a team of corrupt physicians Kim rescues "sleeping beauty" Han Yeo-jin, a chaebol heiress, from a medically induced coma, leading to unintended consequences.\n\n—Minh Anh Tran')
('When the Camellia Blooms', 'A love story of the single-parent Dongbaek, the owner of Camellia Bar among a small neighborhood, who is also being the next murder target of a serial killer case.')
('Tempted', "Kwon Shi Hyun, Choi Soo Ji and Lee Se Joo are a collection of messy ties, all from backgrounds of privilege and wealth. Kwon Shi Hyun and Choi Soo Ji are best friends and she is the current object of his affections. Soo Ji is very possessive of Shi Hyun, who has asked her to marry him to spite their parents, who will be marrying each other soon. Seeing an opportunity for revenge against the man who snubbed her, Soo Ji makes a proposition to Shi Hyun who is an expert at seduction to the point that it's something of a hobby. If Shi Hyun can get Eun Tae Hee, the first love of a man who snubbed her and a notoriously cold-shouldered girl who thinks being swayed by love is pathetic, to fall in love with him so he can break her heart - she'll agree to marry him. Shi Hyun, wholly confident in his ability to play the game, accepts. But when these games of seduction and revenge turn into something real, everyone involved finds themselves drawn into something far more serious than they had ever anticipated.")
('My Strange Hero', 'When Kang Bok Soo was a high school student, he was falsely accused of committing violence and kicked out of school. This was caused by his first love Son Soo-Jeong and a male student Oh Se Ho. Kang Bok Soo is a now an adult, but his life has not gone smoothly. To get revenge on Son Soo-Jeong and Oh Se Ho, he returns to the same high school as a student. The environment at the school has changed and Kang Bok Soo gets involved in unexpected cases.')
('Busted!', 'A whodunit variety show featuring some of of the biggest names in K-Pop and K-Drama.')
('Misty', "This drama is a Crime Suspense centering around a headstrong anchorwoman who becomes the suspect in a murder case. Her estranged husband, who's a lawyer, decides to defend her and hence starts their journey to fall back in love.")
('Hi Bye, Mama!', "It's the story of a mother who died and begins a 49-day long project of reincarnation and a husband who has barely begun to live a new life after overcoming the pain of losing his wife.")
('Who Are You: School 2015', "A School girl called Go Eun-Byul goes off on a schooltrip to Teongyeong. While in Teongyeong she meets her twin sister Lee Eun-Bi for the first time. Lee Eun-Bi is having a hard time in life and is considering suicide. Lee Eun-Bi replaces Go Eun-Byul's live after her dissapear and have to live like her and lie to everyone.")
('Naesungjukin Boseu', "Eun Hwan-Ki is the CEO of a public relation company but he's extremely shy. Due to his personality, his employees don't know him well. Chae Ro-Woon begins work at Hwan-Ki's company. She's energetic and receives recognition for her work, but her only interest is the CEO. She plans to reveal who Eun Hwan-Ki really is.\n\n—yashintamarcelia")
('Find Me in Your Memory', 'A love story between a man who remembers every second of his life and a woman who forgot her painful past.')
('Syucheu', 'A capable and distinguished lawyer of the law firm "Kang and Ham" Choi Kang-Seok recruits a young man named Go Yeon-Woo who has a retentive memory but not a law degree. An adaptation from the American TV show Suits.')
('Adult Trainee', 'Three different coming-of-age stories from the point of view of the protagonists about how they deal with their realities in high school at the end of their teenage period as Gen Z.')
('Run BTS!', 'Run BTS (Dallyeola Bangtan!) is a South Korean show by the boy band BTS (Bangtan Sonyeondan). The show is all about BTS doing activities, challenges, games and lots more.')
('Bloody Heart', 'Set in the Joseon Dynasty, King Lee Tae and Queen Jeong draw their swords at each other amid political conflict in this bloody romance.')
('Bakugan Battle Brawlers', 'A boy wants to be the best in ranking of an inter-dimensional game.')
('Bee & Puppycat: Lazy in Space', 'The second season of beloved web series Bee and PuppyCat after a nearly five near break. The season picks back up the cheerful 22-year old Bee and intergalactic space warrior for a set of adventures.')
('Cheese in the Trap', 'This drama series shows the delicate relationship between a female university student Hong Seol (Kim Go-Eun) and her senior Yoo Jung (Park Hae-Jin). Hong-Seol works a part-time job since her household is poor. Yoo Jung is perfect with good academics and athletics plus he is kind. However, he also seems to have a dark side about him with some people holding grudges over him...\n\n—Maha Maha')
('Those Who Read the Hearts of Evil', "A crime thriller drama based on a web novel of the same name that contains the field experience of Kwon Il Yong, Korea's No. 1 profiler.")
('Familiar Wife', 'A married couple suddenly finds themselves living entirely different lives after their fates magically change through an unexpected incident.')
('High Society', "Jang Yoon-ha is the youngest daughter of a chaebol family. Despite her wealth, she works part-time at a food market and hides her true identity as an heiress because all she truly wants is to find a man who'll love her for herself and not her money. Choi Joon-ki grew up in extreme poverty, and has a huge chip on his shoulder about his poor parents being belittled. Now working as a middle manager for a conglomerate, Joon-ki is smart and talented but also jaded and calculating, believing that love is a luxury only for the wealthy.")
('Shine or Go Crazy', 'Wang So is the Prince of Goryeo who has a cursed fate. He had to get married with the Last Princess of Balhae, Shin Yool. She was born with the fate of becoming the light for another country. But because of this fate, she has to face death. Through their marriage life, Wang So and Shin Yool begin to grow closer and love each other.\n\n—dramago')
('Racket Boys', "A city kid is brought to the countryside by his father's new coaching gig; reviving a ragtag middle school badminton team on the brink of extinction.")
('Now, We Are Breaking Up', 'The series is story of love and break ups in the romantic world. It illustrates the present scenario in the context of fashion industry')
('Investigation Partners', 'This show is about a brilliant forensic doctor and a rookie prosecutor who works together to solve cases.')
('A Wonderful Sight', 'A reclusive ex-cop reenters the game as an insurance investigator, searching for clues in crime scenes perfectly staged by a serial killer in her midst.')
('Yungnyong-i Nareusya', 'Story of the the foundation of the Joseon Dynasty in Korea and ambition, success and fall of several real and fictional characters.')
('Nothing to Lose', 'The story of a fiery female judge Lee Jung Joo who fights to reveal innocence of her older brother who was frame-up for rape and murder and got killed while trying to acquit himself.')
('River Where the Moon Rises', 'The story of Princess Pyeonggang who was born as a princess but raised to be a soldier for Goguryeo. She dreams to be the first female Taewang of Gorguryeo but is confused about the new feelings experienced after meeting On Dal.')
('Ultimate Beastmaster', 'Eighteen competitors from six countries compete against each other in an intense obstacle course for cash prizes, individual glory and national pride.')
('Woori the Virgin', "Oh Woori is the assistant writer of a popular drama series. She has vowed to remain a virgin until she marries, and has shied away from romantic relationships to remain chaste until she marries. She is dating the devoted police officer Lee Kang Jae, but when she attends a routine medical exam, a terrible mix-up occurs, and is accidentally artificially inseminated. She later discovers her pregnancy and demands that the hospital gets to the case's bottom. Eventually, she discovers that the donor whose child she is now pregnant with is none other than the CEO of a notable cosmetics firm named Diamond Cosmetics. This CEO, named Raphael, is going through a messy divorce with his wife Lee Ma Ri, a beautiful woman who does not want to split with her husband, chiefly for financial reasons. But when Raphael learns he is to be a father, things get very complicated - particularly after she realizes that there is a secret past connection that links him to Oh Woori.")
('Jumong', 'An epic based on the myth of Jumong, founder of the ancient Korean kingdom of Goguryeo in 37 B.C.')
('Rookie Cops', 'A story that captures the challenges, spirit and passion of youth as two students at the Korean National Police University study to become cops.')
('Jirisan', 'Set against the backdrop of towering views of Mount Jiri, it depicts the story of rangers and other employees of the Jirisan National Park who climb through the mysterious and unexplored regions of the mountain.')
('Cunning Single Lady', 'Na Ae-ra (Lee Min-jung) and Cha Jung-woo (Joo Sang-wook) got married young. Ae-ra wanted to have steady life but Jung-woo business led them to lots of debt and hard work so she broke off the marriage. A few years later, Ae-ra found out that Jung-woo business was successful and he became a millionaire while she was still paying debts that incurred during their marriage. Ae-ra came back for revenge but Jung-woo thought that Ae-ra wants him back because of this wealth.\n\n—Nira')
('The Ghost Detective', "Lee Da Il is a private investigator. Jung Yeo Wool becomes his assistant to solve a mystery related to her younger sibling's death. They work together to solve other mysterious crimes.")
('Tell Me What You Saw', 'An eccentric genius profiler works with a detective with photographic memory and a police chief to go after a serial killer who was thought to be dead.')
('Full House', 'In a bid to reacquire her childhood home, a free-spirited woman agrees to a sham-marriage with a selfish actor. Their daily lives are complicated by overlapping love triangles and comic misadventures.')
('Dakteoseu', "Hye Jung is an uncivilized 16-year-old girl who finds her life miserable and nothing worth living (her mom died when she was little), so she never tries in school and always acts impolitely and violently towards others. Her father leaves her for her grandmother to take care of her. Until she accidentally bumps into a man (Ji Hong) while she steals a CD, and later he moves in her grandmother's house and becomes her teacher at school, her life has completely changed. He discovers that she is intelligent and he tries to keep her back on track. Her grandma wants her to have a good career, and she now believes in her successful future, so she tries to achieve her dream of being a doctor.")
('Strongest Deliveryman', 'Choi Kang Soo is a deliveryman. In spite of his humble beginnings, Choi Kang Soo is fearless and gives it all in everything he does. Lee Dan Ah is another delivery worker. She hates her current socioeconomic status so much that she, like many young people, calls her country "Hell Joseon." Lee Dan Ah is so focused on making money and changing her life that she has no time for men. Butwhen she comes across the charming Choi Kang Soo, her attitude is due to be moved. Together, Choi Kang Soo and Lee Dan Ah have a budding competition and romance in their quest for glory. And, for them, glory means being like rich folk Lee Jin Yoon and Oh Jin Gyu. They compete to conquer life but, as our two delivery workers soon learn, being the strongest does not guarantee success.')
('Becoming Witch', "Three friends from different backgrounds each encounter enemies they'd like to kill.")
('Rugal', "Based off the webtoon of the same name, it's the story of a police officer whose attempt to bring down a nationwide criminal organization ends up with him losing everything he holds dear.")
('Where Stars Land', 'Two people overcome ups and downs in their lives to find true romance and make dreams come true at Incheon International Airport.')
('Still 17', 'Woo Seo Ri, a violin prodigy at 17 who was about to study in Germany, got into a bus accident and fell into a coma waking up 13 years later. Mentally she is still only 17, while physically she is now 30. Due to a trauma he experienced 13 years before, Gong Woo Jin does not want to have a relationship with others. This series is about a man and a woman whose lives in their own ways essentially stopped when they were 17. Together, they use all their might to try and open the door to the happiness that they once thought had been closed to them.\n\n—MyDramaList')
("It's Okay, That's Love", 'A love story between a psychiatrist named Ji Hae Soo and an author who had schizophrenia named Jang Jae Yeol.')
('Stitch!', 'Follows a girl named Yuuna and her adventures with a mysterious space alien on an island off the coast of Japan.')
("Angel's Last Mission: Love", 'Dan is a care-free angel who always gets into trouble. In order to return to heaven, he is tasked with a mission to find true love for a cold and single-minded ballerina Lee Yun Seo, but ends up falling for her himself.')
('Defendant', "Park Jeong Woo is a prosecutor at Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office. One day, he wakes up and finds himself a convict on death row. Suffering from temporary amnesia, Jeong Woo has no idea what transpired to land him in prison. He struggles to recover his memory and clear his name before his time is up.")
('My Girlfriend Is a Gumiho', 'Chae Dae Wong, an aspiring actor, unwillingly releases a Gumiho, a legendary nine-tailed fox, from her centuries-old prison. He runs away terrified and ends up injuring himself badly, but she saves his life and asks to stay by his side.')
('Good Manager', 'Chief Kim is an eccentric, flamboyant accountant genius working in the underground and trying to save up enough money to travel abroad until he accidentally gets employed by one of the most famous corporations in Korea. He plans to pull off his biggest heist, taking money from the company while facing the moral dilemmas as he gets closer to his colleagues and starts to get attached to the work life.\n\n—norah almajed (edited by Contributor)')
('Sungkyunkwan Scandal', "In the Joseon era, Kim Yoon-hee masquerades as a boy to earn a living as a book transcriber. Her family's dire circumstances and the encouragement of a noble's son finally drive her to attend Sungkyukwan University, forbidden for females.")
('Hello Monster', "Briliant criminal psychologist tries to solve murder cases that seem to be linked to one another, and something triggers a memory he himself thought he'd lost forever.")
('Another Miss Oh', 'A romantic television series about two women who not only share the same name Oh Hae Young but they also share a destiny with the same man, Park Do Kyung, who can see the future.')
('Doctor Prisoner', "Doctor Prisoner centers around an ace doctor in a university hospital's emergency care center, a skilled professional who treats his patients with full devotion and without discrimination. However, his medical license gets suspended as a result of a medical malpractice incident that arises when the hospital board director causes a ruckus. He then gets his certificate as a medical internist and applies to work at a prison, where his plan is to cozy up to all the big-shots there-business tycoons, celebrities caught for doing drugs, sports stars guilty of gambling-and to win allies, with the ultimate goal of getting revenge against the hospital that ousted him. To do so, he'll get rid of the existing prison chief doctor and claim the spot for himself.\n\n—DramaBeans")
('Love', 'Everything comes unraveling for three successful women who work on a radio show as twists, turns and troubles plague their seemingly happy marriages.')
('Chocolate', 'Lee Kang is a neurosurgeon, who once dreamed of becoming a chef. As a child, Moon Cha Young once met Lee Kang at a small restaurant in the seaside town. There, Lee Kang cooked and gave her a meal, which in part inspired her to become a world-famous chef. Many years later, the two meet again at a hospice ward and together they heal their own emotional scars by preparing meals for the patients there.')
('The School Nurse Files', 'Wielding a light-up sword through the dark corners of a high school, a nurse with an unusual gift protects students from monsters only she can see.')
('Memorist', 'Based on the hit webtoon of the same name, "Memorist" is a mystery thriller that tells the story of Dong Baek, a detective with supernatural powers.')
('Guga-ui Seo', "A melodrama epic about the great deal of trouble Choi Kang Chi, born as a half-human-half-mythical-creature (or human werefox half-breed), who goes through in order to become human and a story of Choi Kang Chi's journey of struggling in order to live more like a human than anyone else despite not being able to become human. Choi Kang Chi (Lee Seung Ki) is the son of Gu Wol Ryung (Choi Jin Hyuk), the guardian spirit (werefox) of Jiri Mountain, and Yoon Seo Hwa (Lee Yeon Hee/Yoon Se Ah), his human mother. He was raised by the Park family after having been picked up from the river. Due to customary restrictions of the era he is adopted by manager Choi instead, however Park Moo Sol takes on the role of being Kang Chi's main father figure. Kang Chi is an outspoken character who's full of curiosity. He realizes that he's a half-human-half-beast through a certain incident and starts living his second life. Dam Yeo Wool (Bae Suzy) is a master of martial arts and archery. Yeo Wool is an upright character who really values the Three Bonds and Five Relationships in Confucianism, and becomes an instructor at a martial arts center at a young age.\n\n—DramaWiki")
('Misaeng', 'This a Drama series about a group of co-workers in their twenties who started their job at a big multinational company. This is a story about their everyday life, about their journey each day at the office.')
('Shinui', 'When the queen-to-be of medieval Korea is badly wounded, Captain Choi Young uses a wormhole to "heaven," which is actually 21st-century South Korea, to bring back the spoiled Dr. Yoo Eun-Soo who becomes a pawn in a game of human chess.')
('Love with Flaws', 'A romantic comedy about a woman who has an aversion for flower boys and a man who has an obsession with appearance as they overcome the prejudices against people with flaws.')
('You Are My Spring', 'A hotel concierge and a psychiatrist with traumatic childhoods form a heartfelt bond when they become entangled in a perplexing local murder case.')
('Doctor Stranger', "As a child, Park Hoon (Lee Jong-suk) and his father were kidnapped by North Korea. In North Korea, Park Hoon was trained to become a doctor by his father who was already a famous doctor. Park Hoon became a genius thoracic surgeon. He deeply fell in love with Jae Hee (Jin Se-yeon) in his high school. Park Hoon's father then died and he tried to flee to South Korea with Jae Hee, but lost in contact with her and at the end, he fled to South Korea alone, while looking for Jae Hee. In South Korea, Park Hoon begins to work as doctor in a top hospital Myungwoo University Hospital. Meanwhile, he found a girl that looks exactly like Jae Hee, Doctor Han Seung Hee, who claimed to not know Park Hoon. Then it appears that she's involved in a secret mission with a man who hates Park Hoon back in North Korea.\n\n—D. Biswas")
('Tomorrow with You', 'The drama tells the story of Yoo So-joon, who can travel through time by a subway. After seeing his future-self living miserably, Joon decides to marry Ma Rin in order to avoid that fate. As time passes, he learns to love her selflessly.')
('He is Psychometric', 'A boy who is able to read the secrets of those whose skin comes into contact with him, and a girl who does everything she can to hide her pain. In the drama, the boy and girl will meet and try to fix, heal, grow, and love from the small and big occurrences that happen in their lives.')
('From Now On, Showtime!', 'Cha Cha Woong is a popular TV magician with a taste for the spectacular. His path crosses with that of Go Seul Hae, a young and passionate police officer. She convinces him to join the police force in its efforts to catch criminals.')
('Secret Love Affair', 'A love story of a young poor student pianist fell in love with his piano teacher, who was married to another man. Despite disapproval from the society and the "moral standard," their pure love for each other only grew stronger. Could she give up her status that she had long fought for? Could their love win over the adulterate world around them?')
('Father Is Strange', 'Ahn Joong-Hee (Lee Joon) is an actor who used to be a member of an idol group. One day, he appears in front of a family who consists Byun Han-Soo and Na Young-Sil and their 4 children including Hye-Young and Mi-Young (Jung So-Min). Joong-Hee begins to live wth them')
('Train', 'A sci-fi melodrama about a man who tries to protect his beloved from a serial killer in a parallel universe.')
('The Cursed', '"The Cursed" is about a teenage girl who has the ability to bring death by using names, photos, and belongings, and a just social issues reporter, fighting against the massive evil hidden behind an IT conglomerate.')
('You Are Beautiful', "Go Mi-Nyu, a girl about to become a nun, is asked to cover for her indisposed twin brother, Mi-Nam, who's on the verge of becoming a k-idol. To do so, she disguises herself as a boy and joins A.N.Jell, a really popular boy band.")
('To the Beautiful You', "A high school girl who's inspired by a gold-medal High Jumper devises a scheme to motivate him by attending his school.")
('Nobody Knows', 'Still haunted by the death of her friend who was murdered 19 years ago by the infamous Stigmata serial killer, detective Cha Young Jin is determined to catch the culprit.')
('Summer Love', 'Two young people who have been friends for a long time spend their time together, discussing a new product from Long Way Cushion. This promotional video combines makeup with love.')
('Undercover', 'A female civil-rights lawyer begins to doubt her husband, whom she has been married for 20 years.')
('Peurodyusa', 'A group of young television producers--Ra Joon Mo, Baek Seung Chan, Tak Ye Jin--and K-pop star Cindy work tirelessly around the clock within the entertainment division of a major broadcasting network. Amidst their dynamic, challenging workloads, serious drama reaches new heights in this backstage glimpse of the people who make television magic happen. Baek Sung Chan is a fresh new producer. He was a law graduate of an Ivy-League school who now works in the variety department of KBS. He made the career switch after following in the footsteps of his first love, which didn\'t work out for him. Although he is intelligent, he is also clumsy. As the new intern, he has a lot to learn if he wants to succeed in the Korean entertainment industry. Tak Ye Jin is a hot-shot producer who gets things done her way. She has 10 years of experience in the industry. She is smart and ambitious, but can be caustic in her criticism and doesn\'t sugarcoat her opinions. She is the director of the popular show "Music Bank". If Baek Sung Chan wants to succeed, he\'ll need outperform her expectations...or avoid Tak Ye Jin completely, neither of which will be easy tasks. Ra Joon Mo is a seasoned producer and director who has also worked in the industry for 10 years. Yet despite his immense experience and his contributions to numerous shows, he has yet to develop a single hit show that he can be proud to call his own. Cindy is a top star and temperamental singer. She "debuted" as a child of 13; now at 23 she can actually be considered a veteran. She\'s known as an ice princess because she never lets herself feel deep affection for anyone. She experienced a lot of betrayal in the past that causes her to keep everyone at a safe distance. The story will leave various deep messages about friendship, family, fame, support, bullying, and betrayal in the broadcast industry.')
('Kill It', "Will a killer-turned-veterinarian and a detective find a common ground? Kim Soo Hyun is a veterinarian who was once a professional killer. Nobody in the public knows anything about him as a killer, including his age, name and race. Deep inside, he constantly looks for love, but struggles to develop and maintain any pure relationships around him. Do Hyun Jin is a brilliant detective working in Seoul, who graduated from police academy as the most excelled. Although she looks cold and stern on the outside, she is in fact a very sympathetic individual. Hyun Jin trusts her instincts and isn't afraid to rely on the things around her to make a decision to the best of her abilities. She has suffered trauma but still keeps pushing forward.")
('Mad Dog', "Choi Kang-woo, a former police and leader of Taeyang Insurance's investigators team, decides to create his own investigation team, after an airplane crash that took the life of his wife and son. He then meet Kim Min-joon, a genius former swindler whose brother was also a victim of the crash, thus begin their rivalry and cooperation.\n\n—Rahma")
('Man to Man', 'A secret agent works under cover as a bodyguard and is forced to deal with both national security missions as well as a temperamental superstar.')
("Rich Family's Son", "Lee Gwang Jae is a rich boy that inherits a huge amount of debt and struggles to pay it back to save his father's reputation. By his side is Kim Young Ha, a dauntless girl who fully supports him. is a TV series that shows that this world is worth living as long as you have the courage and true love, through an immature rich kid and an innocent girl that struggle to make money, starting from the bottom.")
('High Kick!', "Lee Yoon-ho (Jung Il-Woo), a motorcycle mania who engages in many fights at school and is known for his high kick, and Lee Min-ho (Kim Hye-Seong) who enjoys spending time on scale models and web blogs, are brothers born a year apart but attending the same class at school. These two portray completely opposite Korean teenage characters in a comical way. And of course, there's the rest of the family. Their father Jun-ha Lee (Jeong Jun-Ha), a full-time stock investor since being laid-off from work, nevertheless optimistic and reckless; their mother Park Hae Mi (Park Hae-Mi), an oriental medicine doctor and always overly confident; their grandfather Lee Soon Jae (Lee Sun-Jae), who loves money more than anything in the world; their grandmother Nah Mun Hee (Na Moon-Hee), who is always defeated by her daughter-in-law in ongoing status quarrels, are some of them. Their uncle Lee Min-yong (Kim Hye-Seong) is a 27-year-old single dad. After going through a premature marriage and early divorce, he enjoys his life back in the dating scene with his half-single and half-married status, while continuing to encounter emotionally-involved moments with his ex-wife Shin Ji at times. Smooth High Kick. is a situation comedy, which portrays the everyday lives of the main characters colliding with each other in a comical way. However, at a certain point, the surprising mysteries of their seemingly-normal surrounding characters begin to unravel one by one.")
('Color Rush', "Living with neurological blindness that limits his ability to see color, Yeon Woo has grown up in a world that looks very different from the one most people are accustomed to seeing. Only able to decipher varying tones of gray, Yeon Woo knows the world is full of colors but he has never seen them for himself. At least not until the day Yoo Han comes crashing into his world. As if brought together by fate, Yeon Woo's life is forever changed the day he meets Yoo Han. Falling for the boy's many charms, Yeon Woo is overwhelmed by the unexpected rush of emotions he feels every time Yoo Han is near. What's even more surprising is the sudden rush of color that washes over the world whenever Yoo Han walks into the room. Could this be a sign that Yoo Han is his destiny? While Yeon Woo ponders his fate, his aunt Yi Rang searches desperately for the sister who went missing years ago. Joining his aunt on her quest, Yeon Woo recruits Yoo Han's help and together they search for his mother. As they dig deeper into the mystery surrounding her disappearance, an unexpected story begins to unfold. Will these fated boys be able to solve the mystery of a missing mother while simultaneously unraveling the mysteries of their own hearts?")
('VIP', 'A woman whose seemingly perfect life is turned around when an anonymous messenger tells her her husband is having an affair.')
('Seven Day Queen', "Kyung is the daughter of a powerful politician during the Joseon Dynasty. She falls in love with Crown Prince Lee Yuk, who lives under the tyranny of his half-brother, King Yeon San Gun. When Lee Yuk rises to the throne and becomes King Jung Jong, Chae Kyung becomes Queen Dan Kyung, who becomes caught in the cross-fires of different political factions as well as the jealousies between the brothers When Dan Kyung's own father stages a coup against the king, Queen Dan Kyung is dethroned only after seven days and expelled from the palace. What will happen to the love between the king and queen when they can no longer be together?\n\n—Zahra Salahi")
('Birth of a Beauty', "Overweight, kind-hearted Sa Geum-ran (Ha Jae-sook) married into a well-to-do family, but her husband Lee Kang-joon (Jung Gyu-woon) has spent the past seven years in the United States for his business, and she lives with his mother and sisters who treat her badly. Geum-ran learns that Kang-joon has been having an affair with sophisticated broadcast announcer Gyo Chae-yeon (Wang Ji-hye), and he asks for a divorce. When she sees her in-laws welcoming Chae-yeon with open arms, the distraught Geum-ran threatens her husband, who follows her and causes her to drive her car off a cliff. Everyone assumes that Geum-ran committed suicide and attends her funeral, not knowing that she's still alive. To get revenge against those who've wronged and betrayed her, Geum-ran begs Han Tae-hee (Joo Sang-wook), whom she thought was the plastic surgeon of extreme-makeover television show Change, to transform her, and he reluctantly agrees because of his own ulterior motives. After weight loss and surgery, Geum-ran emerges from the full-body makeover as a stunningly beautiful woman, and she begins calling herself the new name Sara (Han Ye-seul), albeit retaining her coarse ajumma personality. With Tae-hee as her life coach, they scheme to ruin Kang-joon and Chae-yeon's upcoming wedding in three weeks. But as Sara interacts with Kang-joon in their staged run-ins, old feelings resurface, and she decides that instead of destroying him, she wants her husband back. They adjust their plan accordingly, though Tae-hee soon finds himself falling for Sara.")
('Imitation', 'Based on the webtoon of the same name, it tells the story of the lives of idols in the entertainment industry, centered around the secret romance between a member of a rookie girl group and a member of the top boy group in the industry.')
('Welcome to Wedding Hell', 'A marriage proposal is supposed to be a happy ending. But for one couple, it becomes the beginning of an uphill struggle over wedding preparations.')
('School 2021', 'The story of students of a specialized high school seeking their ambitions, rather than going off to college. It will delve into how these students learn about love, friendship, true passions, and growing up in an intense environment.')
('Once Again', '"Once Again" is a story about love and family based on the Song Family, who never have a peaceful day.')
("Dear X Who Doesn't Love Me", '\'To X who doesn\'t love me\' is a story of young people in their 20s who are struggling with their dreams and love, heralding the birth of a reality-sympathetic drama. \'To X Who Doesn\'t Love Me\' is a "expiry date" romance drama that tells the story of Seo Hee Su, a college student and aspiring lyricist with zero self-esteem and zero self-love, who discovers a mysterious lyric note that makes anyone fall in love with her for a month and gets intertwined with Jung Si Ho.\n\n—mydramalist')
('Leverage', 'The series follows the story of a former insurance investigator who forms a team of thieves and con artists to catch the real bad guys.')
('Was It Love', '"Was it love?" is a romantic drama about a single mother of 14 years who is stuck between an attractive man who is bad, an attractive man who is young and a sexy man who is scary.')
('The Light in Your Eyes', 'This story is about a woman who loses all her time before she can use it up and a man who gives up all of his radiant moments and lives a lethargic life.')
('Chief of Staff', 'As a chief of staff in the National Assembly, Jang Tae-jun influences power behind the scenes while pursuing his own ambitions to rise to the top.')
('365: Repeat the Year', 'A story where ten people get the chance to go back in time by one year, but unexpectedly mysterious situations start to arise when their fates are changed and twisted in the process.')
('Watcher', 'The lives of Do Chi Gwang, Kim Young Koon and Han Tae Joo were destroyed by a tragic affair. They became members of an internal affairs investigation team for the police and they try to dig up the truth on who is behind the tragic affair.')
('Live', 'The drama revolves around the incidents that occur among the police force and the joy, sorrow, and pain that police officers experience as they try to protect justice.')
('The King 2 Hearts', 'The crown-prince of South Korea is forced to work alongside a female North Korean military officer. Political and emotional complications lead to an uneasy marriage engagement.')
('Life on Mars', 'While investigating a serial murder case, Han Tae Joo gets into an incident. When he wakes up, he finds himself back in 1987. To get back to his present world, he must solve the murder case.')
('Lost', "A forty year old woman who feels like she has not accomplished anything in life and a twenty-seven year old man who's frightened of himself.")
('About Time', 'Our heroine will have the unfortunate ability to see the "life clocks" of everyone around her, including herself, and the hero will somehow be able to stop her "time" without lifting a finger. This story will follow time that is stopped, extended, and even erased through the love they have for each other.')
('Are You Human Too?', 'Nam Shin is a son from a family who runs a large company. After an unexpected accident, he falls into a coma. His mother Oh Ro Ra is an authority on brain science and artificial intelligence. She creates an android named Nam Shin III which looks like just like her son Nam Shin. The android pretends to be Nam Shin and he has a bodyguard called Kang So Bong.')
('Hello, Me!', "Miserable and unsuccessful, a woman thinks she's lost all her spark, until one day, her spunky younger self appears in front of her demanding change.")
('My Absolute Boyfriend', 'Dan Dan, is a woman who works as a special effects make-up artist but has a very cold-heart. She then, unexpectedly, falls in love with Yeong Goo, a humanoid robot programmed to be a perfect boyfriend. Yeong Goo begins to develop human emotions, and they end up in a love triangle with her famous actor childhood friend, Ma Wang Joon, who also falls for her.\n\n—MyDramaList')
('Oh My Baby', 'Jang Ha Ri is a 39-year-old single woman and a workaholic who has not been in a relationship for over 10 years but wants to have a baby of her own. Just when she has given up on love and marriage, three men appear in front of her.')
('LoliRock', "LoliRock follows the journey of young Iris, a spirited teenage girl with a beautiful voice and an unending desire to help others. When Iris joins the girl group LoliRock, her life is changed forever, as a new world of music, mysteries and magical powers is revealed. These three new friends are now bound together by their destinies as magical princesses and a fight against injustice. Marathon Media (creators of Totally Spies!) have once again created a cast of characters that are aspirational and serves as role models to a generation of children for whom justice has become a central value. With experienced, world renowned talent, and proven producers, LoliRock is sure to connect with every girl's magical inner self.\n\n—David Michel")
("The Queen's Flower", 'Trying to escape a troubled past in Korea, Lee Soo-Jung (Kim, Song-Ryong) immigrates to the United States, to reinvent herself as Rena Jung. In America, she enrolls in culinary school but great success eludes her there and she is forced to return to Korea 20 years later. By conniving and manipulating others, she emerges as the beautifully ambitious star chef who hosts her own cooking show and an eye to marry the wealthy, first son of TNC Group, Park Min-Joon (Lee Jong-Hyuk).\n\n—Anonymous')
('At A Distance, Spring Is Green', 'A coming of age campus story about youth in their 20s whose lives appear to be like the beauty of spring from afar but cold and harsh when viewed up close.')
('Search', '"Search" is a military thriller drama that takes place in the demilitarized zone (DMZ) and tells the story of a specialized search party that forms to uncover the truth behind mysterious disappearance and murder cases.')
('Operation Proposal', 'Kang Baek Ho realizes that he is in love with his best friend, Ham Yi Seul, on the day of her wedding to another man. He travels back in time to various events of their lives hoping to change the outcome of their relationship. Will Baek Ho be able to change the course of their future?\n\n—DramaWiki')
('Larva', 'Red and Yellow, two larva, get into many silly situations everywhere they go.')
('Young Lady and Gentleman', 'Lee Young Kook is a widower with three children. He decides to hire Park Dan Dan as a live-in tutor for his kids and he becomes attracted to her despite the age difference. Probably because Park Dan Dan is funny, charming, and positive even though her circumstances are not. In English, this series title is "Young Lady and Gentlemen."\n\n—ralexaredd')
('Live On', 'The story of Baek Ho Rang who joins the broadcasting club of her high school, led by Go Eun Taek, in order to find out who is the person trying to reveal her secret.')
('So Not Worth It', "New friends, new loves and new experiences mix together inside a colorful college dormitory in Korea that's home to students from around the world.")
('Reply 1994', "Focuses on the life events of the residents of a boarding house in '90's Seoul. The plot revolves around the passion and vigor of being a young adult; the challenges of moving to a new environment; of getting along with each other, and growing up.")
('Melancholia', 'Set at a private high school, a beautiful story emerges between mathematics teacher and a genius mathematics student.')
('The Best Hit', 'Yoo Hyun-Jae is a member of a popular idol group. He has a lot of fans and he is a scandal maker. Meanwhile, Lee Ji-Hoon is an aspiring singer. He pretends to be studying for his civil servant exam, but he is actually struggling to become an idol.\n\n—Anabel')
('Knowing Bros', 'Knowing Bros is a South Korean variety show which features the main cast acting as students in a High School concept and Korean celebrities guesting as the "Transfer Student".')
('Remember: War of the Son', 'Jin-Woo is a young man with the condition of Hyperthymesia, which allows him to remember everything in details. In order to prove that his father is innocence, he becomes a lawyer and make a team to solve different cases using his memory.')
('Life', 'A medical drama that depicts the power struggles and human stories that take place within a university hospital.')
('Awaken', 'It is a romantic mystery about digging through the secrets of mysterious events that occurred in a village 26 years ago, that are somehow linked to the mysterious events happening in the present.')
('Graceful Family', 'A drama about a rich heir and a good-hearted lawyer investigating the death of the mother of the former.')
('Bing-ui', 'Kang Pil Sung works as a detective. His instincts as a detective are excellent and he is foul-mouthed. He is both lazy and rough, but he is also soft-hearted. Hong Seo Jung has excellent psychic mediumship, but she tries to hide her ability. This causes her to keep a distance from other people and she lives a lonely life. While Kang Pil Sung investigates a case, he happens to meet Hong Seo Jung. He thinks that she is different from others and takes an interest in her. They begin to solve cases together using their special abilities.')
('The Lady in Dignity', 'The story of an elegant Cheongdam-dong woman named Woo Ah Jin, who relished a life of luxury by marrying a quasi-chaebol son, until Park Bok Ja walks into her life.')
('When a Man Loves', "Han Tae-Sang is a successful business man, who has a cold-blooded decisiveness and incredible drive. This helped him to attain his current status, as he started with nothing. He then meets a younger woman named Seo Mi-Do. Her personality reminds him of himself when he was that age. Han Tae-Sang begins to feel love for the first time in his life. Seo Mi-Do is full of ambition and she is also bright and lovely. Seo Mi-Do isn't afraid of anything, because she went through so many difficult times when growing up. A man named Lee Jae-Hee then confronts Han Tae-Sang over Seo Mi-Do.")
('The Rebel Hong Gil Dong', 'Story of Hong Gil Dong, often said to be Robin Hood of Korea during Joseon Dynasty.')
('When Flowers Bloom, I Think of the Moon', 'Set during the late Joseon period, when a strict alcohol prohibition has been enacted.')
('Rooftop Prince', 'Crown Prince Yi gak finds that he has been transported from Chosun Dynasty to modern-day Seoul. He meets Hong Se Na, who bears a striking resemblance to his dead wife, and is determined to solve 300-year-old mystery of her death with his own resemblance to the CEO grandson at the company, where Se Na works,Gak assume the identity of the young man to stay close to her. Can the crown Prince navigate a modern corporation to find his own time period?\n\n—MAUA MARCELA')
('Top Management', 'Storyline follows the development of a kpop group who got caught up in a scandal. With the help of their manager who can see brief glimpses of the future they have to face the war that the entertainment business is to not be forgotten.')
('The Scholar Who Walks the Night', "Set in an alternate Joseon dynasty, Jo Yang-sun (Lee Yu Bi) is the daughter of a nobleman whose family loses everything when her father is framed for treason. To make ends meet, Yang-sun begins cross-dressing as a male bookseller, and meets the handsome and mysterious scholar Kim Sung-yeol (Lee Joon Ki), who works at the Hongmungwan. Sung-yeol is a vampire, and he continues to be haunted by the long-ago death of his first love Lee Myung-hee, especially when he meets Myung-hee's present-day doppelgänger Choi Hye-ryung (Kim So Eun), an aloof nobleman's daughter. Meanwhile, the evil vampire Gwi (Lee Soo Hyuk) resides in the royal palace and uses his powers and political machinations to prevent the Crown Prince Lee Yoon (Shim Chang-Min) from ascending the throne.\n\n—kathleen alicia")
('Bad Guys 2: City of Evil', 'A drama about a team of detectives who round up a team of bad guys to catch even worse ones.')
('A Piece of Your Mind', 'A romance about an artificial intelligence (AI) programmer and classical recording engineer.')
('Chimera', 'An explosion took place in the past. That explosion led to a serial murder case known as the Chimera case. 35 years later, a similar explosion takes place.')
('Hometown', 'A mystery evil thriller which finds the truth of a recording tape containing mysterious serial killings and unidentified sounds in a small city.')
('Queen: Love and War', "A fantasy sageuk about those who struggle for power and the queen's throne.")
("A Witch's Love", "Based on the popular Taiwanese drama, My Queen! Despite her witchy reputation at work, 39-year-old tabloid reporter Ban Ji Yeon (Uhm Jung Hwa) is ultra focused on her job. What her colleagues don't know, however, is that the source of her prowess is a broken heart: Since being stood up by her ex-fiance, Ji Yeon has completely written off romance. But in a rare moment of vulnerability, a 25-year-old jack of all trades named Yoon Dong Ha (Park Seo Joon) becomes her unlikely hero. Will they act on their intense sexual tension, or is age a dealbreaker?")
('Blood', 'Set within a hospital. A vampire works as a doctor. A battle between good and evil as well as immortal love takes place.')
('Modooui Geojitmal', 'A woman, whose husband disappears, joins the National Assembly and teams up with a detective in her search for the truth. The two of them work together to break through the silence and lies that people spill to protect their own interests.')
('To All the Guys Who Loved Me', 'The leader of a webtoon planning team, Hyun Joo harbors the jaded view that all men are same and has decided to remain single. Then two charming men come into her life.')
('Smile PreCure!', 'Once upon a time, there was a kingdom of fairy tales called "Märchenland", where many fairy tale characters live together in joy. Suddenly, the evil emperor Pierrot made an invasion on Märchenland, sealing its Queen in the process. To revive the Queen, the symbol of happiness called Cure Decor, "the Queen\'s scattered power of light of happiness", is required. To collect the Cure Decor, a fairy named Candy searches for the Pretty Cures on Earth. There, Candy meets a girl, who decides to collect the Cure Decor. Now, will the world earn a "happy ending"?\n\n—Lollipop24')
('Criminal Minds', 'Korean version of the American television series Criminal Minds.')
('Tree with Deep Roots', 'A series of murders occurred during the reign of King Sejong. As Kang Chae Yoon who is investigating these cases gets closer to the root of the truth, he finds himself embroiled in a massive conspiracy behind the serial killings which involves a group of geniuses who are willing to risk their lives for their cause/goals, and secret powers who will interfere with the course of his investigations.\n\n—KBS World')
('Only One Person', "A human melodrama in which a woman who is terminally ill and a man whose life is in the gutters are entangled in a murder case and become someone precious in each other's life.")
('Black Knight', "Black Knight is a love story between a woman who is waiting for the love of her life and a man who is willing to do anything to protect his love. The story spans over two hundred years. Moon Soo Ho is a businessman with a pure heart, but he never shows his true colors to anyone except for Jung Hae Ra, a travel agent who has never traveled abroad. Soo Ho and Hae Ra grew up like siblings in Hae Ra's house, but they got separated later. They meet each other after they grow up and love approaches them as if it were fate. Will their love survive despite all the faltering events?")
('Entourage', "South-Korean version of 'Entourage' (2004). This is the story of a handsomely famous celebrity who depends on his three friends and agency's boss who try to help him in his struggles as an actor and a man.")
('Catch the Ghost', "When a rookie detective Yoo Ryung's autistic twin sister goes missing, Yoo Ryung joins the subway police team to try and find her.")
('Come and Hug Me', 'A dramatic drama depicting the love of a man and a woman whose lives are linked because of a murder since young age. Despite an unfortunate destiny and the stigma and pains, they will try to be happy and heal their wounds.')
('I Wanna Hear Your Song', 'Hong Yi Young witnessed a murder but she cannot remember anything about what happened. With the help of Jang Yoon, she tries to recover her memories from that day.')
('Secret Royal Inspector Joy', 'Set in Joseon dynasty, it tells the story of a young gourmet who unintentionally becomes a royal inspector and a divorced woman who rushes to find happiness, as they team up to investigate and defeat corrupt politicians.')
('The Sound of Your Heart', 'Based on the longest-running webtoon "Maeum-ui Sori" in Korea, "Sound of your heart" is a story about Cho Seok, an aspiring comic writer, and his strange family.')
('Squad 38', 'The task force chief of Seoul City Hall and a con man work together to collect taxes from those who avoid paying large amounts.')
('Tracer', 'The series revolves around the people working at the National Tax Service.')
('Monthly Magazine Home', 'A home-searching romance story about a man who buys houses and a woman who lives in one. It follows the diverse stories of the editors of a home magazine.')
('Super Wings!', 'A jet plane named Jett travels the world delivering packages to children and solving problems with his friends the Super Wings.')
('Ghostforce', 'They are here, hidden in everyday objects, in an eternal slumber. Three high school kids working as a team of superheroes, the Ghostforce, secretly fight against the ghosts that haunt their town.')
('Emergency Couple', 'Jin-Hee and Chang-Min marry young but get a divorce soon after when things between them turn bitter. Years later they meet again as interns in an ER, where they must deal with a demanding job and the antipathy still fresh between them.')
('Green Mothers Club', 'The friendship, motherhood, and growth of five mothers. Each of them have their own issues that they could not overcome. They who had come to think of themselves only as "mother," will reveal hidden secrets. After they meet in the elementary school community, they learn to heal and grow by interacting and comforting each other.')
('Hyena', "'Hyena' deals with very competitive, private lawyers who only work for the richest 1% of society.")
("Don't Dare to Dream", 'Getting ahead in a broadcasting station is tough and the competition is fierce -- but when a news anchor and meteorologist start to fall for each other, things get much more complicated.')
('Reunited Worlds', 'Sung Hae Sung (Yeo Jin Goo, Circle: Two Worlds Connected) is a cheery high school student. Being the eldest sibling, he wants to provide for his family instead of going to college. On the day of his 19th birthday, he gets into a car accident and passes out. He wakes up on the top of his school building. He thinks he survived and everything is normal. Except everyone thinks he died 12 years ago, and he hasn\'t aged at all. Jung Jung Won (Lee Yeon Hee, The Package) is Hae Sung\'s best friend. She was the one who took him to the place where he had his accident. Distraught, she has been unable to move on from the incident since. Having failed to pursue her dreams under the stress, she works as a kitchen assistant at a nice restaurant. Cha Min Joon (Ahn Jae Hyun, Cinderella and Four Knights) is the owner of the restaurant where Jung Won works. He has feelings for her. However, she has never shown any interest in him. In her mind, she can\'t be with anyone while carrying Hae Sung in her memories. One night, Jung Won finds a young man passed out in front of her house. He is Hae Sung, her first love. She is now 31; he is 19. Can they pick up their love where they left off, or will their reunited worlds always stay separate? Also known as "Into the World Again" and "Into the New World," Reunited Worlds is directed by Baek Soo Chan and written by Lee Hee Myung, the creative team behind Beautiful Gong Shim and Sensory Couple.')
('Stairway to Heaven', 'Yuri make Jeong-Seo being crashed and lose memory, even forced Jeong-Seo to engage with Tae-Hwa for 5 years. Jeong-Seo finally found herself and find her love (Song-Joo) but got the most fatal eye cancer like her own mother. Tae-Hwa claim going France, but actually suicide to donate his corneas to compensate what Yuri owe Jeong-Seo. Yuri gets into jail, TanMira got into mental hospital. Jeong-Seo stayed her life with her Song-Joo but die of eye cancer. 5 year later, Song-Joo told Jeong-Seo to wait him in heaven\n\n—DarkFaceR')
('Something About 1%', "A kind school teacher suddenly becomes heir to a large company on the condition she marries the owner's grandson. As she is interested in neither, they make a deal that if they manage to date for a full six months, he will inherit instead.")
('Miracle', 'N/A')
('Secret Love', "A devoted woman makes the ultimate sacrifice for her boyfriend, only to learn that love doesn't always conquer all. Yoo Jeong (Hwang Jeong Eum) is a sweet, upbeat person who has always stuck by her boyfriend, Ahn Do Hoon (Bae Soo Bin), all through school as he cared for a disabled father. But Do Hoon gets into a car accident that results in the death of a woman. Unable to face her boyfriend having to go to jail for a hit-and-run accident, the self-sacrificing Yoo Jeong takes the blame for the accident and serves time in prison in his place. Min Hyeok (Ji Sung), a cold-hearted heir to a business empire, had just begun to open his heart to a woman when she is killed in the hit-and-run accident. Years later, he is engaged to Shin Se Yeon (Lee Da Hee), a congressman's daughter. Can Yoo Jeong and Min Hyeok mend their wounded hearts and discover the real meaning of love?\n\n—Viki")
('That Man Oh Soo', "Oh Soo is an IT company technician as well as a cafe owner and barista. He is also a matchmaking cupid who has the power to pair lovers together. Oh Soo can detect people's unseen emotions and uses his magical pollen to make people fall in love. However, he himself has a lonely heart and has no love life. All that is about to change, as the cupid succumbs to the power of love when he meets Seo Yoo Ri, a policewoman who is dumped by her boyfriend.")
('Hotel King', "A love story between an heiress who tries to save her father's legacy, the one and only seven-star hotel in the nation and the hotel manager who becomes an enemy to his own father who abandoned him in order to help the heiress.")
("A Gentleman's Dignity", 'A drama about the careers and love lives of urban professionals. It will tell the story of four men in their forties as they go through love, breakup, success and failure.')
('Shopping King Louie', 'An heir used to shopping away his grief finds himself trapped in Seoul with no memory and no one to help him except a sweet, rural girl who teaches him the value of a life without money.')
("I'm Sorry, I Love You", "Mu-Hyuk, a Korean adopted to Australia, is a tough but very attractive street guy. He is shot in the head at his girlfriend's wedding and must wait for his death. He decides to go back to Korea to find his parents. His mother is a famous old actress and her son Choi-Yoon is the most popular pop singer. Mu-Hyuk finds his twin sister Su-Kyung, who is mentally 6-7 years old and abandoned like him. He seeks revenge on his mother but he also falls in love with Eun-Chae, a very close friend of Choi-Yoon. And his struggling against death and revenge, love starts in a sad way.\n\n—Soohy")
('Angel Eyes', "A melodrama about a man and a woman who are each other's first loves, but get separated at childhood due to a painful family situation and meet again 12 years later. Yoon Soo Wan is legally blind woman who gets her vision back after receiving a corneal transplantation in an operation and decides to embrace life with passion by becoming an emergency rescue worker who is known not only by the fire department, but also by the local hospital. She is a tomboyish character who still fondly remembers her first love from 12 years ago.\n\n—Kdrama")
('Chicago Typewriter', 'Writers that lived under Japanese rule in the 1930s are reincarnated into a bestselling writer who is in a slump, a mysterious ghostwriter, and a devoted fan of the bestselling writer.')
('Kamen Rider W', 'A detective, Hidari Shotaro, and an unknown library-boy, Phillip, combine to become a half-green half-black hero to protect Fuuto City by using Gaia Memories.')
('Bread Barbershop', 'In a town filled with food, Bread is a master cake decorator who gives life-changing makeovers that will put any customer in an amazing mood.')
('W.H.Y.: What Happened to Your Relationship', "You still don't know why she dumped you? A 20-year-old who got dumped on 100th day anniversary. How can she dump a guy like him?! TT Anyone wants to join my trip to Jeju island?!")
("Ho Goo's Love", 'Hogu meets his high school crush at a school reunion and falls in love all over again. But, she is dealing an unplanned pregnancy and a few dark secrets.')
('Psychopath Diary', '"Psychopath Diary" is the story of Yook Dong Sik who coincidentally picks up the diary of a serial killer.')
('Ultimate Weapon Alice', 'A youth action romance about the bloody high school lives of mysterious transfer student and killer Gyeo Wool and traumatized high school student Yeo Reum as they meet and get chased down by a criminal organization.')
('7 Fates: Chakho', 'Described as an urban fantasy series, 7FATES: CHAKHO is set in a city in the near future and tells the story of seven boys who are connected by their destiny. Together, the seven members overcome challenges and face trials.')
('Rainbow Ruby', 'Rainbow Ruby comes to the rescue whenever a doll friend needs help! When Choco\'s heart starts to glow, she knows it\'s time for a magical journey into Rainbow Village. With the help of her enchanted suitcase, the "Rainbow Roller", Rainbow Ruby takes on helping roles with enthusiasm and confidence!')
('Money Flower', '"Money Flower" tells the story of people who are driven by greed. Kang Pil-Joo (Jang Hyuk) grew up at an orphanage, but he now works as a managing director of a legal team at a corporation. He is acknowledged for his intelligence and his exemplary job performance. Some of those that work around him are jealous of him. Na Mo-Hyun (Park Se-Young) is an environmental activist and a science teacher at a middle school. She is a good listener and laughs a lot. She dreams of a love driven by fate.\n\n—mearhtt')
('The Girl Who Sees Smells', 'Detective Tae Ho lost his younger sister to a barcode-murder case and lost his ability to taste, smell, and feel pain. He then meets Oh Cho Rim, the only witness to the murder case who possesses a special sense: she can see smells.')
('YooHoo and Friends', "Five executives who worked for Nasty Corporation are turned into animals by Father Time. They have to fix all the environmental disasters they've caused in return for gems so that they may become humans again.")
('Marriage Contract', "Ji-Hoon (Lee Seo-Jin) has a cynical personality due to his family background. Even though he comes from a rich family, his mother had an affair with a married man and they had Ji-Hoon. From a young age, he became separated from his mother and began to live with his father's family. One day, he learns that his mother has a liver disease and she doesn't have much time left to live. Her only hope is to get a liver transplant. Ji-Hoon becomes desperate. At that time, he meets Hye-Soo (Uee) and her daughter Eun-Sung (Shin Rin-Ah). Hye-Soo has lived alone with her daughter Eun-Sung after her husband's death. She is constantly hounded by loan sharks due to her late husband's debt. Hye-Soo begins to work at the restaurant run by Ji-Hoon. She learns that she has a brain tumor and she needs money for her daughter after she passes away. Hye-Soo overhears from Ji-Hoon that he is looking for a liver donor for his mother. To make it happen legally, Ji-Hoon plans to marry the donor. Hye-Soo insists to Ji-Hoon that she wants to be the donor. Ji-Hoon, unaware of Hye-Soo's brain tumor, accepts her offer and they prepare a marriage contract. Notes\n\n—AsianWiki")
('Hyde, Jekyll, Me', 'Koo Seo-Jin (Hyun-Bin) has two different personalities. One of his personalities is cold like Hyde and the other is sweet like Jekyll.')
('All In', 'As a kid, all Kim In Ha ever did was follow his uncle around and help him cheat in gambling. As a high school student, he hung out with his friends at the basement of a theater. As Kim In Ha gets to know Choi Jeong Won, a model student and also the son of a very rich family, In Ha tries to tempt him into doing mischievous deeds.\n\n—anonymous')
('Potato Star 2013QR3', 'When a comet falls onto Earth in 2013, strange things start happening to the Noh family and their neighbours.')
('Robocar Poli', 'Cartoon showing toddlers important life lessons while teaching them that police, fire, and rescue are good people and just want to help others. Cars transform during the show to be useful and help others.')
('Kamen Rider Ryuki', 'Thirteen card decks were created for thirteen Kamen Riders. They make Contracts with monsters from the mysterious Mirror World, a parallel world opposite to the real one in which only the Kamen Riders can exist.')
('Zombie Detective', 'The drama is a "human comedy" about a zombie in his second year of resurrection who becomes a detective in pursuit of his past, all the while doing his best to coexist with humans.')
('The Miracle', 'How could twin sisters be such polar opposites? Kwon Shi Ah is the beautiful sister, gorgeous in every way and a member of the popular girl group known as Miracle Girls. Since she was in preschool, Shia has worked as a model and then a teen actress before becoming an idol. Her fraternal twin sister, Shi Yeon, is almost double the body size of Shi Ah and has always been ridiculed and bullied in school for her large frame.')
('Scent of a Woman', 'Timid and considerate Yeon Jae finds out that she has only six months to live. She decides to quit her job and works hard to complete each dream in her bucket list.')
('Dinner Mate', 'A man and woman waiting at a restaurant are mistaken for a couple and decide to have dinner together.')
('Baradeon Bada', 'The cast members open a bar on the sea side and offer to the customers various food, drinks and musical acts so they can escape their daily lives for a moment.')
('Please Come Back, Mister', "After being worked to death, Kim Young Soo (Kim In Kwon) gets the chance to live a charmed life when he possesses Lee Hae Joon (Rain), a hottie and all-around perfect guy. Meanwhile, Hong Nan (Oh Yeon Seo) starts behaving as if she's possessed by a man, and Shin Da Hye (Lee Min Jung)--a widow with new romantic appetites--turns Hae Joon's department store upside-down.")
('The Spies Who Loved Me', '"The Spy Who Loved Me" is a suspenseful romantic comedy about a woman who inadvertently gets caught up in the world of espionage.')
('Soolkkundoshiyeojadeul', 'The story of three women whose belief in life is one drink at the end of the day.')
('My Romantic Some Recipe', 'A 21-years-old college student who as one-sided love for a customer at a shop and she meets an Idol star.')
('My Princess', "Kim Tae-hee plays Lee Seol, an ordinary college student who finds out she's a princess and the great grand daughter of the Korea's last Emperor. But life can be complicated for a princess in this funny, quirky melodrama.")
('Bossam: Steal the Fate', 'Bossam was a custom in Joseon period, in which a bachelor, who missed marriage secretly wrapped up a widow in a blanket at night and made her his wife. This custom changes the fate of Ba Woo when he kidnaps a princess by mistake.')
('RedaKai', "The series revolves around Ky, a 15-year-old student of ancient martial arts, who embarks on an epic quest to find the Kairu, a primordial alien energy source. Aided by his friends Maya and Boomer, Ky travels the world searching for the Kairu while attempting to make sure that his extraterrestrial teenage alien adversaries don't find it first.\n\n—internet")
('Angry Mom', "This drama is about Jo Gang-ja, a mother who was known as a tough girl in high school. Her daughter Ah-ran is bullied at school and when Gang-ja finds out, she makes it her responsibility to stop her daughter's bullying. She ends up becoming a high school student again.\n\n—wendy mcknight")
('I Have a Lover', 'A woman who lost her memory falls in love with the husband she despised.')
('Missing You', 'The drama revolves around a guy and a girl, who both experience a painful end to their first loves at the tender age of 15, and then meet again as adults by playing game of love hide and seek. Han Jung Woo has been a homicide detective for 2 years and he is looking for his childhood love, Lee Se Yeon. Lee So Yeon is a fashion designer and often dream of Han Jung Woo searching for her. Meanwhile, Kang Hyung Joon is a cold-hearted, charismatic fund manager, who tries to take revenge on Han Jung Woo because of the troubled relationship within their family.\n\n—Anonymous')
('Beautiful Gong Shim', 'This drama is about the Love story of two sisters and two men. The older sister has everything, including a beautiful appearance, and the younger sister only has a warm heart. One of the men lives on a rooftop apartment and the other man comes from a wealthy family.')
('Cheat on Me, If You Can', 'A comic mystery thriller about a novelist wife who only thinks about how to kill people and her husband, a divorce lawyer who wrote a memorandum titled "If You Cheat, You Die".')
('Hai seukool', 'This is a fantasy romance drama about an angel who has no choice but to become a human after saving a male student in danger. The noisy and ridiculous relationship between a mortal angel and teenage high school students will be unfolded.')
('The Flower in Prison', 'In the Joseon Dynasty era, Ok-Nyeo (Jin Se-Yun) was born in prison. She belongs to weji-boo which helps people in the realm of law.')
('Flower Boy Next Door', 'Shy, sweet Dok Mi spends her life avoiding contact with people while she spies on the hunky doctor who lives in the apartment across the street. Her solitary existence is soon interrupted by an outgoing pretty-boy who just moved into the neighborhood. The pretty-boy, along with a collection of misfit friends and neighbors, work to bring Dok Mi out of her shell and into the real world. Along the way, friendships are born, love relationships are explored, and people grow and move forward in life.\n\n—Anonymous')
('Reflection of You', "A thriving painter's enviable life begins to fray at the edges when a bright young woman she once befriended resurfaces as a shell of her former self.")
('Goedam', 'When night falls on the city, shadows and spirits come alive in this horror anthology series centered on urban legends.')
('Princess Aurora', "Aurora is a 25-year-old woman whose family owns Chunwang Foods, a large food conglomerate. Both of her parents are in their seventies and a 20-plus age difference exists between Aurora and her three other male siblings; Wang Sung, Geum Sung, and Su Sung. At first, people think she is a rich spoiled brat but there's more to her than meets the eye. She intervenes to salvage her 50-year-old second brother's marriage by getting rid of his mistress who had lied about getting pregnant by her brother. As the youngest child of a wealthy family, she has turned out alright instead of becoming a spoiled material girl. She is uber-confident and speaks her mind to everyone around her. One day, she falls head over heels for Hwang Mama, an irritable novelist and a perfectionist. Aurora oozes with charm and confidence. Nothing can faze her. Hwang Mama's chiseled good looks make him incomparable to other men. But he has one flaw that could torpedo his relationship with Aurora. Can the couple overcome it?\n\n—MBC")
("My Wife's Having an Affair This Week", 'Suspecting his seemingly perfect wife is cheating on him, a troubled man seeks anonymous advice from an Internet community to save his marriage.')
('BTS: Bon Voyage', "BTS: Bon Voyage is a reality show about members of South Korean boy band BTS (Bangtan Sonyeondan) travelling. It shows them in everyday situations that every traveller encounters and offers an unique insight in members' lives.")
('Winter Sonata', "Jun-sang transfers to You-jin's school, and they quickly become friends sharing their similar backgrounds of growing up under a single mother.")
('American Hustle Life', 'American Hustle Life is a reality show featuring BTS members spending two weeks in L.A. with the hip-hop tutors and carrying out different missions in order to experience true hip-hop culture.')
('The Secret Life of My Secretary', 'Do Min Ik is an intelligent, perfectionist man with a heart of stone , and the Chief of Team 1 at T&T Mobile Media who always relies on his secretary, the hot-tempered Jung Gal Hee. Although she diligently carries out the tasks her mean boss instructs her to do, she does not hold back in saying what she wishes to say. Will an office romance blossom?\n\n—AJ at MyDramaList')
('Justice', 'Lee Tae Kyung is a star lawyer with the best win rate. He is able to win cases by using his sharp logic and intelligent speeches. He amasses power and wealth by dealing with clients who are part of the elite class. His cases are usually referred from Song Woo Yong who is the owner of a construction company. Lee Tae Kyung gets these high class criminals acquitted or at minimum receive probation. He first became a lawyer to get revenge for his younger sister, but has since become focused on money. He changes when he deals with a series of cases involving missing actresses.\n\n—AsianWiki')
('The Last Empress', "Set in an alternate universe, in which Korea is a constitutional monarchy in 2018, Oh Sunny is a bright and vivacious musical actress who marries the emperor. She becomes involved in the palace power struggle and a mysterious murder that sets off events that threaten the monarchy itself, while searching for true love and happiness. But, she ends up falling in love with Na Wang Sik who works as a bodyguard for the imperial family. He started working in the palace to take revenge on the person responsible for his mother's death.")
("King's Daughter, Soo Baek Hyang", 'King Muryeong was a Baekje king who oversaw a renaissance during his reign while also building his kingdom into a sea power. He had a hidden daughter called Soo Baek Hyang who did not become a princess due to her evil half-sister, Seol-hee. But Baek Hyang showed a deep filial piety to her father and was patriotic. She later became the leader of Bimun, a secret spy group that helped her country in war. She earned eternal recognition in the annals of Baekje history. (Source: MBC)')
('Class of Lies', 'The drama is about a highly successful lawyer who falls from grace because of one case. He becomes a fixed term teacher at a high school that is tied to that case in order to regain his honor. Though he goes into the classroom for selfish reasons, he begins to see the crimes that take place and he takes matters into his own hands to help protect victims from their peers. The drama will shine a spotlight on the reality of teenagers facing little to no repercussions after committing a crime because they are teenagers, providing no protection for those who become a victim to these crimes.\n\n—Soompi')
("The Haunted House: The Secret of the 'Ghost Ball'", 'With help from a 102-year-old goblin dwelling beneath their haunted apartment building, two siblings deal with ghosts and take on spooky mysteries.')
('Pororo the Little Penguin', 'The adventures, escapades and mishaps of Pororo the little penguin and his many varied friends.')
('Byeonhyeokui Sarang', 'Byun Hyun, confident, naive, warm-hearted and a son of a wealthy family, starts living in a poor area, where he meets Baek Joon, a positive woman who works part-time jobs to make ends meet.')
('Peter Pan and the Pirates', 'The adventures of Peter Pan and his friends as they face off against Captain Hook and his crew of pirates in Neverland.')
('Catch! Teenieping', "Set free on Earth, fairies with magical powers begin influencing people's emotions. Now, it's up to a princess from a faraway kingdom to stop them.")
('Eon Kid', "Marty, an ordinary 11-year-old boy, suddenly becomes the human extension of the Fist of Eon, gaining amazing fighting powers. With the evil General's dark armies in pursuit of his newfound weapon, Marty has supernatural adventures and, along the way, meets two friends: Ally, a big target for the evil forces, and mysterious Gaff, who can help him understand his new powers and uncover secrets from the past.\n\n—Ubaid Samadi")
('Cleaning Up', 'Tells the story about the struggle cleaners at a security firm have as they try to create a new destiny for themselves after overhearing about insider trading.')
('Beyblade Burst', 'Valt Aoi is a hot-blooded kid who loves to attack and wields a Beyblade named Valkyrie. His close friend Shu Kurenai is an elite Blader who is a genius but still puts in a lot of effort, and wields the Beyblade named Spriggan.')
('Gwanggaeto, the Great Conqueror', 'Gwanggaeto the Great, is a historical drama based on the life of the nineteenth monarch of Goguryeo, Gwanggaeto the Great.')
('Smile Again', "Raised in America by his mentally handicapped mother Anna, Dong Hae dreams of traveling to Korea to propose to the woman he loves. After qualifying for a speed skating competition, he smuggles his mother to Korea with him, but his undying devotion to her soon begins causing him problems. Finally reconnecting with his lost love Saewa, Dong Hae finds his affections divided when things don't work out as he planned in this award-winning daily drama.")
('Fantastic', 'Diagnosed with terminal cancer, a thriving scriptwriter decides to live her life as never before, even enjoying the attention of two different men.')
('My Love Eun Dong', 'In his youth, Ji Eun Ho accidentally met Ji Eun Dong. She intercedes to keep him out of detention. The act of kindness, changes his attitude toward everyone. Eun Ho finds himself becoming very attached to Eun Dong. After losing her for many years, they meet by chance and fall deeply in love. This is the story of fate and everlasting love.\n\n—photonut')
('Cheongdamdong Scandal', 'A leaked scandal involving a woman being deceived by her wealthy in-laws shakes Korean high society to its core.')
("What's with This Family", "Drama series follows the daily lives of a chaotic family. Moon Tae-Joo (Kim Sang-Kyung) is the second highest ranking employee at Daeoh Company. He thinks he's better than most other people and he also has a trauma with love. Things change though when he meets his secretary named Cha Gang-Sim (Kim Hyun-Joo).")
('Mask', "Ji-sook facing a hard time because of her father's debts and begin chased by moneylenders. When a series of things happen Ji-sook have to live with Eun Ha's identity (a Woman from elite family) because she look exactly like a Eun Ha.")
('2 Days 1 Night', 'South Korean comedy/reality show that has a changing cast of 6 male comedians, actors, and singers. They spend 2 days and 1 night at vacation spots, remote scenic villages, and historic landmarks. Of course there are games and contests with each other and locals to determine who gets to eat local delicacies and who has to sleep outside in a tent.\n\n—Matthew Weaver')
('Royal Secret Agent', 'During the Joseon Dynasty, the Secret Royal Inspectors are the eyes and ears of the king. They travel the provinces undercover and listen to the plight of the common people, investigating abuses and corruption of government officials.')
('The Chaser', "Detective Baek Hong-Suk lost his 15-year-old daughter in a car accident and his wife died from shock shortly afterwards. He then searches for the truth related to his daughter's death and learns that it is tied into a conspiracy. Reporter Seo Ji-Won is the large corporation owner's daughter. She helps Hong-Suk to uncover the truth. While covering the story, she finds out that her brother-in-law, a top presidential candidate, is involved in corruption. Ji-Won comes into conflict between her family and the truth.\n\n—MyDramaList")
('Dark Hole', 'About a group of survivors who have to fight for their lives against mutants that are created when humans breathe mysterious dark smoke from a sinkhole.')
('EXO Next Door', 'It is about an ordinary girl named Ji Yeon hee who finds out that her neighbors are the lame dudes of EXO.')
("You're All Surrounded", 'P4: are the new recruits in the violent crimes unit at Gangnam Police Station. The journey of four young cops as they fumble, learn, fall in love and find their way to becoming people the citizens can trust.')
('Welcome', 'Adapted from the webtoon series "Welcome", this TV series tells the story of graphic designer Kim Sol Ah who brings home a cat, unaware that the animal can turn into a human being.')
('The Game: Towards Zero', "When Kim Tae Pyung looks into a person's eyes, he can see the moment preceding their death. He partners with Detective Seo Joon Young to solve a serial murder case.")
('The King Loves', 'Set in the Goryeo dynasty, it tells the story of a young and ambitious monarch Won (Im Si-wan) with a desire to conquer, and two people who shape his destiny; childhood friend Rin (Hong Jong-hyun) and a beautiful woman named San (Im Yoon-ah).\n\n—sharmaregan')
("The Killer's Shopping List", 'One day, a dead body is found at an apartment near the supermarket. Finding this murder odd, Dae-sung, his mother, and his girlfriend Ah-hee gather around to find the real murderer, starting by looking through the receipts of the market.')
('We Got Married', 'Where celebrities take part in a virtual marriage. The couples are given missions to get closer together, and help their marriage grow.')
("The Princess' Man", "Featuring breathtaking cinematography and gorgeous locations, The Princess's Man is a lush historical romance that captivated audiences in 2011.")
('Black Dog', "Black Dog is about a story of a young woman who gets a short-term teaching position and does her best to fight for students' dreams in school. The drama will take a deep look into the lives of teachers and provide commentary on society through the microcosm of a school setting.")
('Beautiful Mind', 'Lee Young-O is an excellent neurosurgeon with zero sympathy. One day, he becomes involved in bizarre patient deaths. He also falls in love and recovers his humanity.')
('Ms. Hammurabi', 'The series tells the story of the life of judges and the various disputes that they have to settle.')
('Secret Door', "Set during the king Yeong-jo's reign in Joseon dynasty, the drama follows the king's uneasy relationship with his son, Sa-do.")
('Mai geol', 'With a perpetually indebted father, Joo Yoo Rin learned to lie on the spot and get herself out of tricky situations, which gets Seol Gong Chan, a rich heir to a company, to hire her to impersonate his long lost cousin.')
('Temperature of Love', 'About the love between a writer who is elder than the person she loves, the chef.')
("Youn's Kitchen", "Youn's Kitchen is a popular South Korean reality travel show that follows the cast in their journey to a foreign destination where they open a pop-up restaurant for a few days.")
('Shining Inheritance', "After losing her father Go Eun-sung's stepmother kicks her and her autistic brother out of the house. Shortly after her brother is kidnapped. Eun-sung now has to look for her brother while also trying to find a job in order to survive.")
('Athena: Goddess of War', 'IRIS Spin-Off about a new agency, called the National Anti-Terror Service (NTS), as they go up against another secret terrorist organization, called Athena.')
('High School King of Savvy', 'Can a high school boy lead a double life? Lee Min Seok (Seo In Guk) is a rising hockey player at his high school leading an average high school life, complete with a groupie classmate, Jung Yoo Ah (Lee Yeol Eum), who has a crush on him.')
('Touch', 'Cha Jung Hyeok was a popular make-up artist, who pursued perfection, but he is now in debt and unemployed. Han Soo Yeon has been a trainee to become an idol for 10 years. She takes part in an audition program to become an idol. A mysterious case causes Han Soo Yeon to get booted from the program. She then finds her new aptitude, which is a make-up artist. By chance, Han Soo Yeon meets Cha Jung Hyeok who is back as a make-up artist. She begins working as his assistant and they fall in love with each other. Meanwhile, Baek Ji Yoon is a top actress who has a strong desire for success. Kang Do Jin is a popular actor.')
('Kamen Rider Ex-Aid', '5 years ago, a new type of virus, named the Bugster Virus, infected humanity and turning them into a creature called a Bugster. In the present day, an intern and also a genius gamer, Emu Hojo receives the Gamer Driver and the Mighty Action X Gashat to transform into Kamen Rider Ex-Aid. Along with several doctor Riders, Emu must compete to save people from the Bugster Virus and become the "super doctor" who\'ll save humanity! GAME START!')
('Bad Thief, Good Thief', 'The story centers on thieves who strike against people in high power who try to control Korea.')
('Orange Marmalade', 'Jae-Min is a popular high school student. He falls in love with transfer student Ma-Ri. Ma-Ri though hides her true identity as a vampire.')
('Perfume', 'A suicidal, overweight housewife is sent a magical perfume that makes her look like her 20 year old self, whose dream was to be a model. A phobia ridden, fashion designer hires her as his house servant.')
('Never twice', 'The series follows the story of the long-term guests at Paradise Inn, located in the heart of Seoul. From the first room to the sixth room, all the guests are different in age, gender, and even where they grew up.')
('The Great Ambition', "Left on his father's doorstep as a newborn, Park Jae Young grows into a warm-hearted though naive person, quite unlike his scheming and ruthless father and elder brother, Park Si Young. He shares an innocent first love with Yoon Yeo Jin, who he has known since childhood and is a member of the aristocratic class. But when he is faced with his family's murderous methods, Park Jae Young runs away from home. He then meets Choi Dong Hee and her merchant father, and reunites with his mother, now a powerful political power. Can a good but naive man help support the rightful next emperor, or will his brother's evil plans succeed?\n\n—Anonymous")
('Baker King, Kim Tak Goo', '"Bread, Love and Dreams" covers the life of Kim Tak-Gu from the 1970\'s until the late 1980\'s as he becomes one of the most successful bakers in all of Korea. The president of Geosung baking company Koo Il-joong (Jeon Kwang-Leol) loved Kim Mi-soon (Jeon Mi-Seon), but Koo Il-joong\'s mother was against their relationship. Because of this, and as a marriage of convenience, Koo Il-Joong instead married Suh In-sook (Jeon In-Hwa). They had two daughters, Ja-kyung and Ja-rim, but no sons. Sometime later, Il-joong has an extra-marital affair with his true love Mi-Soon and they conceive a son, who will later be named Tak-gu. Meanwhile, In-sook is afraid that Tak-gu may one day become the heir to the Geosung baking company, In-Sook then seduces the company\'s Chief Secretary Han Seung-jae (Jeong Seong-Mo) and they conceive a son who will later be named Ma-joon (Ju Won). Years later, on a rainy evening, Koo Il-joong\'s mother overhears a conversation between Han Seung-Jae and In-sook. She collapses and dies. During this time In-sook loses her bracelet and her son Ma-joon is there to retrieve it. Ma-Joon now knows who his real father is. Meanwhile to protect Kim Mi-Soon and Tak-gu, Koo Il-Joong orders a man named Jin-Goo (Park Seong-Woong) to kidnap them. Seo In-Suk and Han Seung-Jae attempts to kill Tak-gu, but he is fortunate enough to escape. Tak-gu then meets his lifelong mentor Pal-Bong (Jang Hang-Seon) , who runs Palbong Bakery. Tak-gu first met Yoo-kyung (Yu Jin) when they were children. She lived through a difficult childhood, with an abusive father and having little money. Yoo-kyung learned to smile for the first time when they met, but when Tak-gu goes to Koo Il-joong\'s house as the first son they separated. 12 years later they meet again and their love is rekindled. Nevertheless, Yoo-kyung now believes that love is nothing when compared to money and power and because of this she leaves Tak-gu to marry Ma-joon instead.\n\n—AsianMediaWiki')
('Pucca', 'The madcap antics of a feisty noodle shop delivery girl and her reluctant ninja master crush, Garu.')
('When I Was the Most Beautiful', 'A healing drama emphasizing the end of suffering and the belief that everyone deserves to be happy. It deals with the love of a woman and two brothers.')
('Nae ireumeun Kim Sam-soon', 'The misadventures and romantic entanglements of Kim Sam-Soon, a passionate, stubborn, klutzy and almost thirty year old pastry chef.')
('Dong Yi', 'Story a simple maid that rises high in the royal harem as a consort and, ultimately, mother of the Korean king.')
('When the Devil Calls Your Name', 'The series is about a man who sold his soul to a devil ten years ago to obtain fortune and fame. As his contract is soon to expire, he tries to make a deal with the devil using his life as collateral.')
('Mini Force: The Beginning', 'Four animal superheroes called the miniforce transform into robots to protect small and defenceless creatures from the hands of scheming villains.')
("Queen In-hyun's Man", 'Kim Boong Do is a scholar who travels 300 years into the future of modern Seoul and meets Choi Hee Jin, a no-name actress who is expecting a career renaissance through her role as Queen In Hyun in a TV drama.')
('Kim Soo Ro', 'Kim Sooro was the legendary founder of the Gaya kingdom in ancient Korea. He won the competition for the power from his rivals and defended his land from the ambitions of the aggressive neighbors.')
('Drama Stage', 'A South Korean weekly television program that features ten one-act dramas airing on tvN.')
('Marriage, Not Dating', 'Before Joo Jang Mi can propose to her boyfriend, he has his best friend, Gong Gi Tae, help him break up with her. Meanwhile, Gi Tae is eager to remain single, but as his family insists he marries, he proposes a fake engagement to Jang Min.')
('SF8', 'SF8 revolves around people who dream of a perfect society. It tackles the themes of artificial intelligence, augmented reality, virtual reality, robots, games, fantasy, horror, superpowers and disasters.')
('Miss Korea', "Kim Hyung Joon, owner of a small cosmetics company and riddled with debts, decides to sponsor a contestant for 'Miss Korea' hoping that will help promote their products, and so he turns to Oh Ji Young the girl he broke up 10 years before.")
('Radio Romance', "About an actor who's showcase family is famous and a radio writer who fell in love with radio after her mother became blind when she was a teen. She gets the actor to become her DJ not knowing their shared history as teens. He had trouble sleeping but she's just the thing he needs. She had trouble writing but learns to find her voice.")
('Tree of Heaven', "Bright and optimistic Korean Japanese teenager Hana (Park Shin-hye) lives at a small hot springs inn owned by her mother. When her mother decides to marry a Korean man, she tries her best to reach out to her odd, introverted stepbrother-to-be Yoon Seo (Lee Wan), who likes to walk barefoot in the snow. He rebuffs her initial efforts, but her cheer eventually wins him over. With their parents on honeymoon, together Hana and Yoon Seo stand up to Hana's spiteful aunt Yoko (Kim Chung) and cousin Maya (Asami Reina), and the two develop an increasingly close relationship over time. Yoon Seo is forward in his love for Hana, but despite feeling the same way, she is unwilling to break the taboo of a romance between step-siblings. After graduating from high school, she leaves for Tokyo with her admirer Fujiwara Ryu (Asahi Uchida), and loses contact with Yoon Seo. 2 years later, Hana, Yoon Seo, and Maya meet again. Time has led them down very different roads, but the love and the rivalry remain the same.\n\n—Habiba Hagag")
('The Package', "Yoon So-So (Lee Yeon-Hee) works as a travel guide in France. She leads a group of tourists on a package tour. The travelers all have their own stories. San Ma-Roo (Jung Yong-Hwa) joined the tour after being dumped by his girlfriend. Kim Gyung-Jae (Choi Woo-Sik) has been dating for the past 10 years. A mysterious man (Yoon Park) seems to follow Yoon So-So. Jung Yeon-Sung (Ryu Seung-Soo) joined the package tour with a partner, but he will not reveal what kind of relationship they are in. Han So-Ran (Ha Shi-Eun) is a web designer and agonizes over staying single or marriage. Oh Gab-Soo (Jeong Gyu-Su) is extremely stubborn. Han Book-Ja (Lee Ji-Hyeon) spent most of her life taking care of her husband. Na Hyun (Park Yoo-Na) is a woman whom other people cannot guess her age. They all do not want to become involved in each other's personal lives, but, while they travel together, they become closer and develop relationships.\n\n—Julianne Alice")
('Duel', 'Story about Jang Deuk Cheon (Jung Jae-young), a hardened detective whose daughter is kidnapped. He starts to chase down the suspect using the one clue he has: Two men with the same face were at the crime scene.')
('A Man Called God', "Michael King vows to revenge his parents' death. He believes that he can use his power as head of an underground drug kingpin to punish those who hurt him. However, his beliefs are shaken when he falls in love with a reporter named Jin Bo Bae.\n\n—D-Wiki")
('Untouchable', 'The city of Bukcheon has been dominated by the Jang family for 3 generations. Jang Joon-Seo (Jin Goo) is the second son of family leader Jang Beom-Ho. A woman who Jang Joon-Seo loves dies. After that, he tries to reveal the truth about her death and a secret from his family.')
('Rosy Lovers', 'Love begins with pure feelings and intentions among young people, but then at some point, they have to take the next step in the relationship that entails commitment and a bigger responsibility. This is a story about a young man who gets back on his feet after being dealt with an unexpected blow. Along the way, he finds the answer to his problems and searches for happiness. A young dad who is still in college has to grow up fast to take care of his family but he brings hopes to others with the way he overcomes the many obstacles that lay in his path.\n\n—MBC')
('Oh My Ladylord', 'A romantic comedy about a thriller dramas screenwriter and an actress that specializes in romantic comedy. While the writer chooses not to date, the actress cannot seem to date.')
('Drama Special', 'A weekly program on KBS2 showing short dramas, with each episode having a different story, cast, director, and writer.')
('High Class', 'A mystery suspense drama about the dangerous lies and hypocrisies hidden behind the perfect lives of the women who live in the top 0.1 percent of society.')
('Two Cops', "Cha Dong-Tak is a detective in pursuit of justice. A swindler's spirit takes possession of his body. The detective and swindler's spirit cooperate to solve cases. The detective falls in love with a reporter.")
('Into the Ring', 'A dirt-born character chooses to join politics over getting a job and punishing rogue politicians with an elite official.')
('New World', 'In this reality show, six celebs strategize and sabotage to earn virtual currency they can cash in on the final day of their stay on a utopian island.')
('Wok of Love', 'Set at a small Chinese restaurant, "Wok of Love" follows Seo Poong\'s attempt at survival, food and love.')
('The Amazing Spiez!', 'Lee, Mark, Megan and Tony are secret agents for WOOHP (The World Organization of Human Protection) headed by Jerry Lewis and must juggle there daily lives.')
('Di-eo Ma-i Peu-ren-jeu', 'Depict the life story of the ones in their twilight years, who raise their voices as "It\'s not over. We\'re still alive".')
('Warm and Cozy', 'A romantic drama of a man and a woman of opposite personalities and different aims gradually fall in love with each other.')
('My Only One', 'Life turns upside down for a bright young woman when her biological father, carrying a heavy past, appears in front of her after 28 years of absence.')
('The Man Living in Our House', "The life of Hong Na Ri, a thirty-year-old flight attendant, is turned upside down when she comes home after her mother's death and finds out that she has a step father who is three years younger than her. This new father is always on her side. He loves her unconditionally. What would happen to them ?\n\n—thecallousshrimp")
('Flower Crew: Joseon Marriage Agency', 'A king makes a request to Joseon\'s best dating agency "Flower Crew" to protect his first love. Upon his request, the matchmakers at the agency risk their own lives to transform the lowly woman Gae Ddong into the most noble woman.')
('Love Affairs in the Afternoon', 'A drama about a woman who is bored with her daily life until she meets a charming biology teacher.')
('L.U.C.A.: The Beginning', '"LUCA" (Last Universal Common Ancestor) is based on Charles Darwin\'s proposition that all species of life have descended over time from common ancestors.')
('My Only Love Song', "When things don't go her way during a shooting for her new show, a top actress runs away in an old van that guides her on a time-traveling journey.")
('Peach of Time', "Peach, a 22-year old Thai boy, takes a daring step in his life and decides to fly to Korea to meet his online Korean friend, Yun Oh. Everything seems perfect for Peach. He finally realized his dream. On top of that, as he stays in his friend's house, the two can finally be together. But something just doesn't seem right. Sung Suk, Yun Oh's mother, seems to be cautious and reserved in Peach's presence. She is harsh with her son and Peach soon realizes that the two do not get along well. Willing to help his friend, Peach takes matters in his own hands and tries to mend the strained relationship. He just wants Yun Oh to be happy - and if he can make it happen, he will. But what is that weird feeling in Peach's heart? Does he like Yun Oh...?\n\n—mydramalist")
('Hospital Ship', "Hospital ship is a romantic drama series with twists and turns at every episode . It's the story about doctors who work in the hospital ship that provides free health facilities to the various remote islands in Korea. The story revolves around Doctor Kwak Hyun who is currently working in the hospital ship and Surgeon Song Eun Jae that is well known for performing various complicated surgeries. The story have love-triangle, complicated surgeries show, family issue and the last few episodes are awesome.\n\n—Somesh Bhardwaj")
("Gumiho: Tale of the Fox's Child", 'The legendary gumiho or nine-tailed fox, Goo San Daek, leaves her husband after his betrayal renders her unable to shape shift. She takes her nine-year-old daughter, Yeon Yi, who has yet to gain the ability to use her gumiho powers, to a village in order to protect her. As Yeon Yi turns ten, her physical transformation begins, putting her in increasing danger of being discovered by her neighbors.\n\n—DramaWiki')
('Who Are You', 'Detective comes out of a six year coma with the ability to see ghosts.')
('Nokdu Flower', 'Set during the Donghak Peasant Revolution which took place from 1894--1895. Two half-brothers fight on opposite sides of this rebellion.')
('One the Woman', 'Tells the story of a tough and rogue female prosecutor, who one day loses all of her memories and changes places with a conservative housewife who looks just like her.')
('Dark Moon: The Blood Altar', 'N/A')
('Time Traveler Luke', 'The sudden disappearance of Paul leaves a few clues that lead his grandson, Luke to a Time Traveling Elevator. Luke now must travel in time to find his missing grandfather.')
("Tomorrow's Cantabile", "At Korea's Han Eum Academy of Music, two polar opposites, both exceptionally gifted students afflicted by past traumas, form an outwardly unlikely romantic relationship.")
('Soul Mechanic', '"Soul Mechanic" follows psychiatrists as they try to cure people of their emotional wounds.')
('Protect the Boss', 'After a long stretch of unemployment No Eun Seol lands a job as secretary to Cha Ji Heon the youngest son of a rich family. However her secretary duties go beyond the ordinary, helping her boss cope and function in normal society.')
('Let Me Be Your Knight', "The drama will be a story of romance and healing between one of the world's greatest idols who is suffering from somnambulism and the doctor who is secretly treating him. Yoon Tae In is an untouchable idol star who is loved all around the world, and a musical genius who believes he is the center of the universe.\n\n—mydramalist")
('The Legend', 'A fairy tale about king-Arthur-type main character, story of karma, passions and political ambitions in the ancient kingdom.')
("Witch's Court", 'The story revolves around a special prosecution unit that only deals with sex crimes. The team not only solves difficult cases at present but also brings an unsolved case in the past to light.')
('Goong', 'Love, tradition, and politics collide when a spirited young art student is betrothed to the crown prince of South Korea.')
('Kamen Rider Decade', "Nine universes of the previous Kamen Riders merging into one that would destroy all the worlds. Tsukasa Kadoya transforms into Kamen Rider Decade and travels to all of the Another Rider's worlds and eliminate the anomalies in those worlds.")
('The Hungry and the Hairy', 'On the motorbike road trip of their dreams, buddies Rain and Ro Hong-chul relax and unwind as they delight in tasty eats and scenic locales around Korea.')
('Excellent Shaman Ga Doo Shim', 'A story of a high school girl born with an undesired fate who transfers to a haunted school where a student who came last on the test commits suicide.')
('Graceful Friends', '"Elegant Friends" is a story that takes place in the wake of a murder case against the backdrop of a town largely inhabited by couples in their 40s.')
('Uchu Sentai Kyuranger', "Earth has been taken over by invaders. With the universe under their thrall, the tears of the people awaken the nine ultimate saviors, chosen by the KyuTama, and they are here for the galaxy's salvation. Nine different people with strong personas. The most powerful warriors arrive here and now.")
('D-Day', 'A natural disaster strikes the city of Seoul. The whole city becomes paralyzed. Doctors and emergency personnel struggle to save the people.')
('Jang Bo Ri Is Here', '"Can a long-lost daughter find happiness when she is reunited with her parents after 20 years?" In a complicated twist, a young woman from a wealthy family goes missing and is raised by a foster mom instead of her own parents. Meanwhile, her wealthy family adopts a girl to overcome the loss of their daughter. The tensions that arise when the daughter finds her real family results in a journey of understanding and forgiveness.\n\n—mbc')
('Successful Story of a Bright Girl', "Cha Yang Soon is a cute and innocent country girl who often daydreams of rescuing her prince. One day, she meets Han Gi Tae who accidentally falls into her bathtub while she was taking her bath. Not off to a good start they started arguing over the matter. However, the story goes on to tell how Cha Yang Soon arrives in the big city due to her plan to settle her irresponsible parents' debts. She moves into Han Gi Tae's house as a hired servant hence begins to teach the rich spoiled brat some manners through her down to earth scoldings and no-nonsense attitude.")
('Giant', "This drama tells the story of three siblings who grew up in the 1970's. Lee Kang Mo, his older brother Sung Mo and younger sister Mi Joo were separated at a young age when their father was killed in a smuggling scheme and their mother also died subsequently. When they are able to reunite years later, they had all reached adulthood and are determined to exact revenge upon the people responsible for their misery.\n\n—Anonymous")
('Village Survival, the Eight', 'Village Survival, the Eight is a mystery variety show in which celebrities stay together in the countryside for 24 hours playing games in order to get clues that point to where $10,000 is hidden somewhere in the village')
('Pasta', "A well-produced, feel-good drama, Pasta is the story of Seo Yoo Kyung, who has endured the grueling job of kitchen assistant at high-class restaurant La Sfera for two years in hopes of being promoted to chef. Things are looking up as she meets a handsome stranger on the street who ends up being the restaurant's new head chef. His first day on the job, however, he fires all the female cooks, including Yoo Kyung. Yoo Kyung, too stubborn to let go of her dream, is willing to do whatever it takes to get her job back. Yoo Kyung struggles as she butts heads with the new chef while trying to learn everything she can from him at the same time, and sparks begin to fly. Things are complicated by the presence of Kim San, a charming customer with an eye for Yoo Kyung who seems to have mysterious ties to the restaurant, and Oh Sae Young, a famous TV Chef and former love of Hyun Wook, not to mention the kitchen politics that get in the way of their budding romance. Beloved actors Lee Sun Gyun ( Coffee Prince ) and Gong Hyo Jin ( Thank You ) light up the screen in this bubbly, addictive story of a cold master chef and a stubborn, warm-hearted kitchen assistant.")
('Jingkeuseuui Yeonin', 'N/A')
('Ugly Alert', "Joon-soo is sent to prison for a murder he didn't commit. During his incarceration, Joon-soo is taught how to sew. After his release, Joon-soo is hired by a fashion company. Joon-soo eventually falls in love with a co-worker named Do-hee.")
('A-TEEN', "It's easy to talk about teenagers, but we are now in our teens for the first time. All the moments were too serious to say I was not worried.")
('Gunman in Joseon', "Based in the time of enlightenment of 19th-century Joseon, This drama tells the story of Joseon's last swordsman named Park Yoon Kang who grabs a gun ditching his sword and grows to become the era's hero. Park Yoon Kang is the illegitimate son of the best swordsman in Joseon. After his father and sister get killed, he trades sword for gun as he embarks on his revenge mission.\n\n—kmccoydrama")
('Confession', "A case involving the hidden truth behind the law prohibiting double jeopardy. When Choi Do Hyun was a boy, he had a heart disease. He spent most of his childhood in a hospital. He miraculously had a chance for a heart transplant. Right after the successful heart transplant surgery, his father was accused of murder. His father received the death penalty. To investigate his father's case, Do Hyun now works as a lawyer.")
('Circle', 'A Sci-Fi-Mystery drama - episodes contain two shorter stories, the first half is set in 2017 called "Beta Project," and the second half in 2037 called "Grand New World." Aliens arrive on earth and humans take advantage of their knowledge and learn new skills from them, In the year 2037, humans emotions are controlled and regulated. The story centers on two brothers in both \'Beta Project\' and \'Grand New World\' as they try and figure out the mystery that surrounds them and find needed answers.')
('Kamen Rider 555', "Smart Brain Corporation is trying to take over the world using Orphnoch, the next stage in humanity's evolution. The Rider Gears they develop are then stolen and used to stop them from achieving their goal and fight to save humanity.")
('Welcome 2 Life', 'A lawyer who turns his life around to become a more sincere and honest person.')
('Haechi', 'Set during the Joseon Dynasty period, four people from different walks of life come together to make Prince Lee Geum the King and reform the Saheonbu. The four people are Lee Geum, Yeo Ji, Park Moon Soo and Dal Moon.')
('Gracious Revenge', 'A drama about a woman who was raised to take revenge for her mother.')
('Bride of the Century', 'The Taeyang Corporation is the largest conglomerate in South Korea. The family that runs Taeyang has been under a curse for hundred years that the first bride of the eldest son will always die. Under this situation, a love like fairy tale occurs while conspiracies run rampant. The drama will focus on self-discovery and the search for sincere love. ~ Drama Wiki')
('Sassy, Go Go', 'With cheerleading as the background, the drama depicts the friendships and loves of youths, while dealing with a harsh educational environment that emphasizes competition.')
('Reign: The Conqueror', 'A unique re-telling of the story of Alexander the Great; a powerful warrior King who was prophesied to conquer and destroy the world.')
('Devilish Joy', 'Gong Ma Sung is a successor to the Sunwoo company. Life seems to be going well until he gets into a car accident while trying to help a woman. Since then, he suffers from memory loss where his memory lasts only a day. Every night before bed, he writes notes about what happened to him that day and the next morning he memorizes everything that happened. Gong Ma Sung then meets Joo Gi-BBeum, a formerly well known actress, and falls in love.')
('Lee San, Wind of the Palace', "Yi San dramatizes the life of Korea's King Jeongjo, the 22nd ruler of the Joseon Dynasty. Jeongjo is remembered in Korean history for his sympathy with the harsh conditions his people had to deal with, in spite of his own pampered upbringing as royalty. He instituted many reforms to improve their conditions. The DVD is 4 volumes long to cover the 77 episodes.\n\n—BHolness")
('Five Fingers', 'Young people struggling to overcome their tragic pasts and obstacles, fighting to reach for the stars and see their dreams come true.')
('49 Il', 'A woman named "Ji Hyun Shin" whom has everything, loving parents, best friends, and an adoring fiancé, gets into a car accident before her wedding causing her to be in a coma. A reaper known as "Scheduler" gives Ji Hyun a second chance to live. In order for her to do that, she must have 3 people cry pure tears. She uses the body of Song Yi Kyung, a woman who lost everything. After devastating turnovers with friends, family, and fiancé Ji Hyun finds it difficult. But grows strong.\n\n—Seonyeo')
('Nine: Nine Time Travels', 'A TV anchorman discovers that a mysterious bundle of incense has the power to send him back in time, where he has the opportunity to alter the past.')
('Wild Romance', "Late at night in a Karaoke bar, Yoo Eun-Jae's father sees the Red Dreamers Baseball player Park Moo-Yeol, who he blames for ruining his beloved Blue Seagulls chance at the Championship, and gets into a confrontation. Yoo Eun-Jae, a bodyguard, defends her father using her Judo skills and throws Park Moo-Yeol to the ground. When the Red Dreamers find out a video of the incident has hit the Internet they decide that to prevent the negative publicity they will hire Yoo Eun-Jae to guard Park Moo-Yeol. This allows them to claim that the whole incident was merely practice and not the latest in a string of offences and embarrassments by Park Moo-Yeol. For the ploy to work under media attention however, Yoo Eun-Jae must actually perform as expected, in close attendance to Park Moo-Yeol. Thus the story plays out with Yoo Eun-Jae and Park Moo-Yeol battling not only each other, but a sinister stalker out to get the infamous Red Dreamer star Park Moo-Yeol.\n\n—baby-luck")
('Hush', 'A sympathetic and humane office drama based in a newspaper company, about the dilemma between the survival and conscience of reporters.')
('Missing 9', 'People from Legend Entertainment fly on a private plane to a concert. The 9 people consists of entertainers and staff members. The plane then becomes involved in a mysterious crash. The 9 people survive, but are stranded on a deserted island. 4 months later, Ra Bong-Hee returns to South Korea as the only survivor & witness from the plane crash.')
('Whisker Haven Tales with the Palace Pets', 'Follows the Palace Pets as they travel to a magical world called Whisker Haven. The place is run by a magical hummingbird fairy named Ms. Featherbon.')
("God's Gift: 14 Days", "Kim Soo Hyun (Lee Bo Young) travels back in time to bring her dead child, Han Sa Byul (Kim Yoo Bin) back to life. Han Ji Hoon (Kim Tae Woo) is her husband, a human rights lawyer who's passionate about his work. Meanwhile, Ki Dong Chan (Cho Seung Woo) is a private investigator who helps her when she goes back in time. Hyun Woo Jin (Jung Gyu Woon) is Kim Soo Hyun's first love, a detective in the violent crimes division.\n\n—krdrama")
('My Fellow Citizens', "Yang Jung Kook is a veteran conman, but he has never been arrested. One day, his girlfriend suddenly runs off with the money they were going to use for their marriage. Yang Jung Kook is extremely upset and he goes out to drink. He meets Kim Mi Young. She is going through a hard time herself because of her boyfriend's cheating ways. Yang Jung Kook tells her that he runs a business and Kim Mi Young tells him that she works for a small company. Kim Mi Young is actually a detective. They find comfort with each other and they develop a relationship romantically. On their wedding day, Kim Mi Young reveals to Yang Jung Kook that she is actually a detective. Meanwhile, Park Hoo Ja is a mysterious woman. She runs a private loan business that she inherited from her father. Her father was swindled by Yang Jung Kook. Park Hoo Ja finds Yang Jung Kook and blackmails him into running for a national assembly seat.\n\n—AsianWiki")
('The Good Wife', 'A husband (Yoo Ji-Tae) works as a successful prosecutor and his future appears bright, but he gets arrested for corruption in a political scandal. His wife (Jeon Do-Yeon) worked as an attorney prior to their marriage, now resumes her career after a 13 year hiatus. She begins to find her true identity.')
('Tobot Galaxy Detectives', 'Young detective Tyler King tackles all kinds of mysteries with his friends, the Galaxy Detectives.')
('Sixteen', "16 trainees from the entertainment company 'JYP Entertainment' are chosen to compete for a spot in the companies soon to debut girl group 'Twice'.")
('Kamen Rider Kuuga', 'Having himself telepathically linked to a mysterious stone belt, Yusuke Godai believes that he is fated to be the warrior Kuuga, who fights the Gurongi monsters that keeps murdering humans.')
("Let's Eat", "Four single people: happily divorced paralegal Lee Soo-kyung (Lee Soo-kyung), mysterious gourmand Goo Dae-young (Yoon Doo-joon), design student and former rich girl Yoon Jin-yi (Yoon So-hee), and petty lawyer Kim Hak-moon (Shim Hyung-tak). Who enjoy living alone, except for that pesky problem that dining out is not designed for one. At Jin-yi's request, she, Soo-kyung and Dae-young start eating out together and thus get involved in each other's lives.")
('Rich Man', "Lee Yoo Chan is the CEO of IT company Next One. He founded the company and it is now the most desirable place to work for young professionals. He is arrogant and does not trust people in general. Lee Yoo Chan also suffers from an inability to recognize faces. Kim Bo Ra was born in the countryside on Jeju Island. She is the pride of her family and famous in her hometown for being smart. She goes to Seoul to attend college and carries her family's high expectations for her. During her last year in college, Kim Bo Ra experiences difficulties finding her job. Her dream is to work at Next One. Kim Bo Ra meets Lee Yoo Chan and their lives change.")
('Green Rose', 'Jong-Hyun falls in love with Soo-Ah, the successor of the enterprise "First Electronic" where he works. He is later accused of murdering Soo-Ah\'s father. He runs away and becomes a fugitive. Later, he returns and seeks out revenge.')
('Warrior Baek Dong Soo', 'Childhood friends Baek Dong Soo and Yeo Woon are both prodigies in combat. But while Baek Dong Soo became the top swordsman in the land, Yeo Woon would go on to serve a group of clandestine assassins whose aim is to overthrow the throne.')
('The Greatest Love', "Gu Ae-Jeong, a wash out idol, meets famous actor Dokgo-Jin by chance. Off to a bad start, a series of rumors makes them get involved in each other's careers and boosts Ae-Jeong's popularity enough to participate in a match making show.")
('Sabotage City', 'A psychological mystery thriller that tells the story of things which lose their meaning when greed and power comes into play.')
("The King's Face", "Gwanghae (Seo In-guk), a son of a concubine, becomes the crown prince of Joseon . For the next 16 years, the illegitimate prince lives through conflicts, enduring death threats and dethronement attempts. Gwanghae's relationship with his father King Seonjo (Lee Sung-jae) was contentious. The two become rivals both in politics and love. Using physiognomy as a weapon and means to gain power, Gwanghae enlists a face-reading fortuneteller to help him become the next king.\n\n—jaybeedormido")
('Kamen Rider Gaim', 'Yggdrasill Corporation transformed Zawame City into a feudal-like city. To escape the city authority, many of the youth formed dance crews along with the rising of a game that uses the mysterious Lockseeds that can summon Inves monsters.')
('Lie to Me', 'Jealous when her friend steals and marries her first love, a woman lies that she too is married. The lie ensnares a hotel president who goes along with the lie for his own reasons. Will the lie become reality?')
('Summer Scent', "Three year's previously Min Woo lost his first love in a tragic accident. As he struggles on with life he meets Hae Won who reminds him of his lost love but is racked with emotion and confusion as his feelings for these two women become intertwined. Unbeknownst to the florist Hae Won she has received her heart transplant and a second chance at life from Min Woo's first love. When the two cross paths Hae Won notices her unusual heart beat. Nobody knew it was her heart that remembered and beats strong for her lost love Min Woo. As Hae Won starts falling in love with Min Woo soon the conflict erupts between the lovely florist and her fiancé Jung Jae.")
('Real Men', 'Real Men is a South Korean variety show which features Korean celebrities as they experience life in the military.')
('Children of Nobody', 'Cha Woo Kyung is a child counselor, happily married and pregnant. Her life gets turned around when she hits a child in a car accident. She works with detective, Kang Ji Hun, to catch a serial killer and uncover the mysteries of her past.')
('Shut Up Family', 'Shin-Hye is a divorcee who lives with her mother and 2 daughters. Suk-Hwan is a widower who lives with his mother-in-law and 3 kids. Shin-Hye and Suk-Hwan fall in love and marry. Now, the two families will have to learn to live together.')
('Keuleiji Leobeu', 'Noh Gojin, a genius who runs a private education company is conceited because of his many struggles while his current secretary, Lee Sina, who has lasted longer than anyone before, decides to get back at her boss.')
('Running Man', 'The fruit of the Soul Tree was the source of energy for civilization. However, many were blinded by its ultimate power which led to never-ending battles amongst the tribes. Desperate to put an end to these catastrophic wars, the leaders of each tribe finally reached a peace agreement that resulted in a competition. One player from each tribe, equipped with special watches and shields, compete against one another for a chance to win the Materion, the sacred fruit of the Soul Tree. And those brave contestants who strive to succeed in the competition are known as the Running man. There are seven representatives from each tribe in the competition. In different games, they either play against each other, split into teams or work together as one.\n\n—Pop culture fan')
('Trap', "Kang Woo Hyun is a respected anchor at a broadcasting station. He has a lovely family and he is asked to enter the political field. His life seems perfect. One day, he goes on a trip with his family and a tragic situation occurs. Meanwhile, Go Dong Kook is a veteran detective. He takes Kang Woo Hyun's case and investigates.")
('Tale of A-rang', "Lee Eun Oh, a noble's son, arrives at a small village in search of his missing mother. There, Arang, the ghost of a young woman that lost her memories of her past life, asks him to help her to figure out her identity and how she died.")
('Cain and Abel', "Based on the biblical story of Adam and Eve's first two sons, Cain and Abel is about Cain's jealousy towards his brother Abel. Lee Cho In is a very gifted doctor who has everything that he wants whereas his older brother, Seon Woo, is jealous of all the attention that Cho In receives. Seon Woo blames his brother for taking everything good in his life away from him. Seon Woo blames Cho In for getting their father's love, getting more recognition as a doctor, and for stealing the woman he loves.\n\n—D-Wiki")
('Her Legend', 'A drama about two women with switched fates and a man who has everything finding the truth and preciousness of life. It will follow the love and success story of Eun Jung Soo who works her way up in luxury handbag industry, Do Jin Hoo who is a smart and handsome heir of the greatest fashion group, and Eun Kyung Hee who has to hide her true identity for her dreams.\n\n—DramaWiki')
('Jang Ok-jung, Living by Love', 'Life Of Jang Ok-Jung, Later Known As Jang Hee-bin, one of the most famous Concubines of The Joseon Dynasty who was known for her hunger for power.')
('The Royal Gambler', 'Dae-Gil and King Yeongjo enter a match. Dae-Gil bets his life and King Yeongjo bets the entire Kingdom of Joseon on the outcome.')
('Goodbye Mr. Black', 'When a skilled Navy SEAL demolitions officer is framed as a traitor, he uses a fake marriage to assume a new identity and seek revenge.')
('Sixth Sense', 'Only one fake. An unpredictable sixth-sensory dazzling variety in which six cast members search for fakes that are more real than the real ones hidden in the real world.')
('Beautiful World', '"Beautiful World," tells of an incident of school violence which leaves a young boy on the precipice of life and death as his family seeks for justice in his stead.')
('The Return of Superman', 'A variety/reality show in which four celebrity dads return home each week to raise their kids by themselves over a 48 hour period window(without the help of their wives that usually do this). Hilarity and touching moments ensue as the fathers go through the ups and downs of being the daily life of being a parent.\n\n—Anonymous')
('Kamen Rider Blade', "Millions of years ago, species of animals fought on the Earth for dominance. These species were called the Undead, and humanity (somehow) won the great battle. In the present, someone carelessly released all the Undead, so it's up to 4 Kamen Riders to stop them. But by catching up to and sealing the Undead, things seem to get bleak. In a last ditch effort, the main character, Kazuma Kenzaki, must fight the greatest adversary - Joker Undead\n\n—Anonymous")
('Sirius', 'A Korean crime drama series about two distant brothers who must overcome their tragic past in order to reunite in the present.')
('Kamen Rider OOO', 'Eiji Hino is a young man who travels the world, trying to escape a tragic event from his past. When metallic creatures known as the Greeed awaken after their 800-year slumber to attack humans and feed off of their desires, a disembodied arm of the Greeed named Ankh gives Eiji a belt and three Medals to fight the other Greeed as Kamen Rider OOO.\n\n—supercoolguy_23')
('Room No. 9', 'Eulji Hae Yi (Kim Hee Sun, Ice Fantasy) is a lawyer at a prestigious firm. She cares only about her career. She constantly butters up the people who can help her succeed and completely disregards the poor. She is willing to do anything to win cases and has enjoyed a quick rise to the top at her firm. Ki Yoo Jin (Kim Young Kwang, Lookout) is Eulji Hae Yi\'s boyfriend. A doctor by profession, Ki Yoo Jin seems like a true gentleman to anyone who meets him. In Eulji Hae Yi\'s eyes, he is the perfect accessory to match her perfect resume in life. But behind his handsome face and demeanor hides something dark. Jang Hwa Sa (Kim Hae Sook, Saimdang: Light\'s Diary) is a death row inmate. She became a household name when her infamous "poison murder case" became a hit with the sensationalist media. She has been on death row for 33 years, with no chance of getting out. When Eulji Hae Yi visits the strange visitation room 9, where Jang Hwa Sa is waiting for her, something happens. Eulji Hae Yi switches bodies with the inmate. Now the lawyer must figure out how to save her client as if her own life depends on it. Because, for once, it actually does. Also known as "Room Nine," Room No. 9 is directed by Ji Yeong Su and written by Jung Sung Hee. It aired in 2018.')
('Horse Doctor', "A Medical drama about the life of a low-class veterinarian of that era who was a horse doctor then becoming a high official as a court physician in charge of the king's health in the late period of the Joseon Dynasty.")
('The Greatest Divorce', "Jo Seok-Moo (Cha Tae-Hyun) graduated from a prestigious university, but he pursued his dream of becoming a musician rather than finding a traditional job. Jo Seok-Moo unfortunately did not become a musician and because of his advanced age, he could not land a decent job. He finds a job at a security service company where he met Kang Whee-Roo (Bae Doo-Na) for the first time as his customer. They eventually get married and have been for 3 years now, however suddenly Jo Seok-Moo asks for a divorce. When taking a closer look they do not have very much in common. Jo Seok-Moo has a stubborn personality and enjoys spending time alone, while Kang Whee-Roo is easy-going and has a positive personality. Meanwhile, a married couple of Jin Yoo-Young (Lee El) and Lee Jang-Hyun (Son Suk-Ku) appear. Which comes to a surprise because Jin Yoo-Young is Jo Seok-Moo's first love.")
('The Suspicious Housekeeper', "A drama about a housekeeper Park Bok Nyeo, who gets hired to work for a family which has just lost its mother, leaving just the father and 4 children. But, she's strange. She is unsociable housekeeper who is perfect in what she does around the house but doesn't smile or show her feelings due to her mysterious past. Bok Nyeo will help the family healing process and rebuild their bonds.\n\n—DramaWiki")
('Final Faction', "In the year 2050, after an asteroid damages Earth's moon, an ancient alien race awakens and begins raiding Earth for its resources. An elite team of soldiers is dispatched to fight them off.")
('Infinite Challenge', 'Infinite Challenge (a.k.a. Muhan Dojeon) is a Korean television entertainment program, distributed and syndicated by MBC. Infinite Challenge is recognized as the first "Real-Variety" show in Korean television history. The program is largely unscripted and follows a similar format of challenge-based Reality Television programs familiar to Western audiences. The challenges are often silly, absurd, or impossible to achieve, so the program takes on the aspect of a satirical comedy variety show rather than a more standard reality or contest program. Infinite Challenge has been called the nation\'s variety program, and Korea\'s first real variety program, for having been successful for over a decade.')
('Surplus Princess', 'Ha Ni is a mermaid princess in the underwater Empire but she longs for the human world when she sees and falls in love with a man. She transforms into a human and follows Hyun Myung to live in a temporary house for people who are preparing for employment. The pragmatic Hyun Myung is trying to find a good paying job to provide him with a comfortable life. But will he be distracted by Ha Ni, who has just 100 days to make Hyun Myung fall in love with her so that she can remain a human?\n\n—pyrobabe13')
('Mask Masters', "The world has been designed by the so called '12 elements'. 12 months. 12 hours. 12 sectors, etc. Among them, there were 12 wisdoms that maintained peace and happiness throughout the world. The 12 creatures stand for the 12 respective wisdoms, each of which is called a 'Mascot' by humans. However, 'Muspel', the thirteenth mascot who hates humans puts the twelve mascots in cursed Masks and transforms them into Takers. The Mascots transformed into the Takers rule over humans, causing men to end up as slaves for Muspel. Now, the only hope for humans are the 'Four Guardians' who defend the four parts of the world = The East, West, South and North. These are The Blue Dragon, the lord of the eastern heaven; The White Tiger, the king of the western mountains; The Red Phoenix, the queen of the southern sky; and The Great Tortoise, the ruler of the northern sea. However, only when the four guardians are united with the human through the Masks can their true power be unleashed! Is it possible that innocent men will find the Masks to fight against Muspel? Can the four guardians conquer evil and save the world?\n\n—Multicom Entertainment")
('Vampire Detective', 'Yoon San (Lee Joon) a private detective suddenly becomes a vampire. He tries to solve various cases while also trying to uncover the mystery surrounding himself.')
('Amazing Saturday', 'N/A')
('Kamen Rider Kabuto', 'A man named Souji Tendo has trained his entire life to take up the name of Kamen Rider Kabuto. He attempts to accomplish his goal to destroy all the alien Worms that threaten humanity that arrived from a meteorite seven years ago.')
('Crime Puzzle', 'A criminal psychologist, sent to prison for murdering a political candidate, and the criminal profiler, who lost his father to a murder, conduct interviews about killings that happened in prison.')
("It's Okay to Be Sensitive", 'This is a feminist series that tackles gender issues, which includes sexual harassment, discrimination and the like. The first season follows five first-year college students while the second season revolves around three interns at a marketing department of a company.')
("Please Don't Date Him", 'An AI programmer accidentally develops an AI program called Cho Sang Shin, which will identify trashy humans, and she uses it to save people who are in difficult relationships.')
('Bakugan Battle Brawlers: Gundalian Invaders', 'Follows human battle brawlers who wield creatures called Bakugan in a parallel-dimension battle that shifts into our world.')
('When Time Stops', "A man who can stop time meets a woman unaffected by time. Moon Joon Woo is a seemingly-ordinary person, except for the fact that he can stop time. His special ability makes him lonely and he finds no meaning in life. When he needs somewhere to live, he moves into a basement owned by the building owner, Kim Sun Ah. Kim Sun Ah is a hard-working, financially struggling girl who appears to have much joy in her life, but in fact struggles to pay off her father's debt. Joon Woo finds that when he stops time, Sun Ah is not affected and continues to walk amongst a time-stopped world. With bubbly Sun Ah by his side, can the lonely Joon Woo begin to find the meaning of his existence?")
('My Daughter Seo Young', 'The story of a father who separates with his daughter, their love, hate and reconciliation. Seo Young is a tough woman who tries to escape the harsh life of poverty with a strong passion to gain success, overcome her lower status and rise in society. On the road to fulfill her dream, she cuts ties with her poor family and incompetent father who still loves his daughter despite her bitterness.')
('My Fair Lady', 'My Fair Lady" centers around Hye-na Kang (Yoon Eun-Hye), an heiress to the Kang-san Group and owner of the palace known as "Lady Castle." She lives with her servants as her parents died in a plane accident and her grandfather raised her as a child. Then on day, a young scamp named Dong-chan (Yun Sang-Hyeon) becomes a butler at "Lady Castle" in an attempt to gain Hye-na\'s money and heart. Things become even more complicated as rich lawyer Tae-yun (Jeong Il-Woo) steps in-between them .')
('Cubix: Robots for Everyone', 'A boy who just moved to Bubbletown repairs a transformable robot named Cubix and becomes its owner. Together, along with the boys friends, they fight against the schemes of a mad doctor.')
('Little Forest', 'The program "Caring for Kids in Nature" for children who have no place to play with and is a healing variety program designed as a home kids garden development project for children. The kids will spend 2 days and 1 night with the cast, away from their parents for the first time. Lee Seung-Gi and Jung So-Min are certified child psychology counselors and Lee Seo-jin is a certified chef who went through training for a cooking course to cater to young kids. Park Na-Rae also took a cooking course. Lee Seung-gi has some experience in woodworking and utilizes the wood workshop to build fun activities for the kids.')
('Spring Must Be Coming', "Kim Bo Mi works as a TV news anchorwoman and she only cares about herself. Lee Bom was once a popular actress, but she is now a lawmaker's wife. She focuses only on taking care of her family. Somehow these two women switch bodies.")
('Player', 'A crime proceeds redemption team consists of a smart swindler, a fighter, a hacker and a driver. The crime proceeds redemption team attempts to take back property hidden away by criminals. Kang Ha-Ri and Cha A-Ryeong are members of the crime proceeds redemption team. Cha A-Ryeong was abandoned by her parents when she was little and she is skilled at driving.\n\n—fahadabe')
('Love Rain', "Love Rain is a story which takes place in two time periods, the first is in the 1970's which tells the love story of two university students Seo In-ha and Kim Yoon-Hee. After a series of events the couple are separated. The time is then moved forward to 2012 where the story revolves around Seo Joon, the son of In Ha and Jung Ha Na the daughter of Kim Yoon-Hee. Joon and Ha Na then fall in love but In-Ha is still in love with Kim Yoon-Hee, unknowing that their children are in love In Ha then attempts to track down Kim Yoon-Hee for the first time in thirty years.\n\n—Jordan Goodwin")
('Glass Slippers', "This drama is about the lives of Tae Hee and Yun Hee, two sisters whose mother died while giving birth to Yun Hee. Their father, who loves them dearly, married their mother without their paternal grandfather's consent, and deprived of any familial support, the sisters and their father struggle to make ends meet even as their father faces a life-threatening illness. This drama follows Tae Hee and Yun Hee into adulthood as, separated by a cruel twist of fate, the girls come to lead very different lives, oblivious of one another.")
('Ja Myung Go', 'A sad story of how the power struggle, female rivalry and a mystical omen destroyed the kingdom.')
('Touching You', 'A man with the ability to see the near future when he touches someone tries to protect aspiring makeup artist Jin Hee Young (Song Ha-yoon) from her doomed fate as he falls in love with her.')
('Gye Baek', "General Gye-Baek of Baekje and his 5,000 soldiers go up against the Silla and Tang Dynasties. Their combined forces are 10 times the size of Bekjae's army.")
('Wonderful Days', 'Dong Suk grew up as a smart young boy, but came from a poor family background. He is now a successful prosecutor and comes back to his hometown for the first time in 14 years. There, he happens to meet his first love Hae Won and falls in love with her all over again.\n\n—MyDramaList')
('Moorim School', "Moorim School isn't focused on high academic scores. The school teaches students virtues including honesty, faith, sacrifice and communication. The teachers and students at the school come from different countries with their own stories.")
('Love in Sadness', "Love in Sadness is a love story that encapsulates the mythical-like fate of love that is so coveted that it ignores all bounds. In it, love outweighs what the world thinks, ignores the pain and anguish with it, and pursues its destiny. In the drama, Ma Ri is a beautiful girl, married into wealth with a seemingly perfect life. Ironically, her husband, In Wook, who looks like a more than ideal husband, is an obsessive lunatic who is also violently abusive. When he pushes her too far, she reaches out for help from Jung Won, an honest, smart, handsome plastic surgeon. And when he agrees to help her escape from her husband's hands, they fall in love. But In Wook, who is consumed by his obsession for her, isn't going to let her get away from his grasp. Watch as these two characters struggle to stay on their arduous road to love.\n\n—Viki")
('Hello My Teacher', 'Romance between a high school student and his home teacher.')
('The Best Lover', "An upbeat family-oriented TV miniseries with a mishmash of different generations and different attitudes towards relationships. The difficulties that arise between mother and daughter mostly due to the men they are having a relationship with becomes the central plot that illustrates the challenges that single moms and divorcees face in today's society. Their lives and the lives of the people they are connected to are depicted in a way that viewers can relate to through a fuzzy warm feeling called love.\n\n—MBC")
('Marry Me Now', 'A South Korean Family Drama around a balanced, multi-generational family.')
('High-End Crush', 'When Yoo Yi Ryung (Jin Se Yun) falls for a rich boy, she quickly discovers that money - or the lack of it - can seriously complicate a relationship. Is a priceless romance enough to convince Choi Sae Hoon (Jung Il Woo) to explore outside of his ivory tower, or is he too posh to be seen on on the other side of the tracks with his beautiful, but penniless crush? © 2015 KIMJONGHAK PRODUCTION Co.,Ltd / Tianjin Golden Fox Culture Communication Limited')
('The Three Musketeers', "Park Dal Hyan, wishing to become a soldier, becomes involved with the Crown Prince and his faithful warriors who called themselves the 'Three Musketeers' in a Joseon ruled by a weak king and in conflict with the Quing dynasty.")
('Secret Campus', "Modern students experience considerable stress during their school years; there is a strong focus on positive presentation and personality, as well as achieving good grades and encouraging athleticism. These demands are made without considering each student's individuality and strengths. This school-centered drama discusses the central theme outlined above and depicts the lives and relationships of six high school students, each of whom has different dreams and goals which they struggle to achieve, despite trials and tribulations.")
('Transformers: Robots in Disguise', 'Optimus Prime and the Autobots defend Earth against Megatron and combined forces of the evil Predacons and Decepticons.')
('BTS: Burn the Stage', 'Kpop boy band BTS share their journey and struggles of their Wings tour.')
('Blade Man', "Joo Hong Bin, the CEO of a game company, has got everything. He is capable, rich and even good-looking. However, this perfect guy lacks in one thing. He is so ill-tempered. The worst guy on the planet. One day, this supercilious guy turns into a monster. When it rains, he becomes furious and some blades are coming out from his body. Moreover, Se Dong, a woman with a bright personality and Chang, his first love's son appear making him confused.\n\n—Kdrama")
('Tuoi Thanh Xuan', 'N/A')
('Good Casting', '"Good Casting" is a comedy drama about an undercover agent selected in the worst-case scenario and a spying mission by Korean superwomen to investigate corruption involving the nation\'s largest conglomerate\'s technology leaks.')
('Vroomiz', 'A group of vehicular toys come alive to explore ways to build good character in their friendship.')
("Go Ho's Starry Night", 'The Starry Night is a Chinese-South Korean collaboration web drama. At twenty-nine-years-old, Go Ho faces the struggles of the modern day woman, namely the struggles to succeed in work and romance in the 21st Century. An advertisement contractor who is unlucky in love, Go Ho works hard to be successful with her career, and only thinks of romance as an afterthought. But one day, an old flame turns up, taking on the role of her new boss, and suddenly it seems like every man is looking her way. Will the dust settle long enough for her to make the right romantic choices?')
('Aggressive Retsuko', 'In this series of shorts, a polite accountant deals with her annoying co-workers by chugging beer and singing death metal.')
('The Wacky World of Tex Avery', 'Laugh along with a variety of wildly original characters in classic animated shorts that will keep you guessing what wacky adventure is next.')
("Bluebird's House", "Needless to say, life as a fresh college graduate is difficult, especially for millenials. Caught in the crosshairs of their parents' conservative perspectives on work and duty, a group of young professionals - Kim Ji Wan (Lee Joon Hyuk), Han Eun Soo (Chae Soo Bin), Jang Hyun Do (Lee Sang Yeob), and Kang Young Joo (Kyung Soo Jin) - live together and support one another as they vie for meaningful and well-paid positions, but find it hard to balance their individual hopes, dreams and desires.")
('The Iron Empress', 'Empress Chun Chu makes great personal sacrifices as she uses her inherited wisdom to fight against enemies of the Goryeo dynasty.')
('Level Up', 'Ahn Dan Te is the ace director of Yoo Seong CRC, a company specializing in restructuring. He is a true "cold city man" of this era with a poker face that doesn\'t express emotions, perfect workmanship, and cold-blooded harshness. Shin Yeon Hwa is the chief development officer of the dying game company Joy Buster, who teams up with Ahn Dan Te. She will start to develop a new game to satisfy him, but they will end up quarreling, creating a lovable comedy for the viewers. The drama between cold Ahn Dan Te and passionate Shin Yeon Hwa will double the excitement by stirring up an odd chemistry.\n\n—Soompi')
('One More Happy Ending', 'Former members of a girl band pursue romance with various suitors while coming to terms with their waning celebrity statuses and ever-evolving relationships with one another.')
('Uwolhan Halu', 'Based on webtoon by Team Getname, this series depicts 24-hour runaway thriller in which only the most superior survives, in which the most ordinary man must kill the serial killer who lives next door to save his kidnapped daughter')
("The Village: Achiara's Secret", 'Achiara is a quiet, peaceful village with hardly any crime. But on her first day of school there, English-language instructor Kim So-yoon discovers a buried corpse. As the townspeople speculate on the identity of the dead person and the reason she was killed, So-yoon and policeman Park Woo-jae become determined to solve the mystery.\n\n—vhavnal')
('Kamen Rider Den-O', 'Ryotaro Nogami transforms into Kamen Rider Den-O traveling to different times using the time-traveling train DenLiner to battle the Imagin monsters and preventing them from altering the past to affect the present and future.')
('Mother of Mine', 'The story of a mother and 3 daughters living in modern-day Korean society. The drama conveys a message about the low fertility rate, divorce rate, and the problems of the younger generation who are avoiding marriage.')
('Korean Ghost Stories', 'N/A')
('The Snow Queen', "At 17, Tae Woong, a mathematical genius, meets two people. One becomes his best friend and the other, his love. Tae Woong's best friend, Kim Jeong Kyu, also classified as a genius, competes for academic accolades. After Tae Woong beats him in an international math Olympiad Jeong Kyu commits suicide. During this same time, Tae Woong meets a little girl who develops a crush on him. However, he loses touch with her without finding out her name. These tragic events take their toll on the rest of Tae Woong's life. At 25, eight years later, Tae Woong is now a third class boxer and in unexpected events, finds Bo Ra, the little girl he once knew. Although this winter will be very cold and scary, winter is not the end of the seasons, but the beginning of the hope for a greater love.")
('Mistress', "Drama is about the scandalous lives of a group of four girlfriends - each on her own path to self-discovery as they brave the turbulent journey together. After Jan Se Yeon's husband died in an accident, she has lived with her daughter. She begins to receive phone calls and mysterious things take place around her. The drama series will revolve around 4 women including Jan Se Yeo, Kim Eun Soo, Han Jung Won, and Do Hwa Young.")
('Handsome Guy and Jung-Eum', 'This drama tells the story of a handsome and charming guy who is an expert of romance theories but not interested in love itself, meets a former athlete whom, after giving up her love because of harsh reality, decides to be a relationship counselor to make up for it. The drama portrays how they learn from each other to find a balance between theory and reality in love.')
('School', 'A popular high-school student completely changes his ways when a new student transfers into his class.')
("Girls' Generation 1979", "Story is set in Daegu, South Korea during the 1970's. Lee Jung-Hee is in the 2nd grade of high school. She has a bright personality and is the second daughter of a family who runs a underwear factory. She and her friends go through adolescence. The series deals with high school students' emotional and social problems .")
('Syowindo: Yeowangui Jib', "A mystery melodrama about a woman named Han Sun Joo who expresses support for another woman's involvement in an affair, without knowing that the affair is with her husband.")
('Iljimae', 'During the Joseon Dynasty, Ryung acted as a hooligan in the marketplace by day but at night he was a thief who robbed corrupted government officials to give to the poor.')
("The King's Dream", 'Story of king Muyeol, who led the unification of three ancient Korean kingdoms.')
('Diary of a Night Watchman', 'Being able to see ghosts and other supernatural spirits is a heavy responsibility. Prince Lee Rin (Jung Il Woo), like his father before him, discovers that he has the ability to see ghosts and other supernatural beings.')
('Tickety Toc', "It's Time for Adventure! The Very First Collection From The New Hit Series Where Madcap Adventures Happen Quickety Tickety! Set in an extraordinary world behind the Tickety Toc Clock, Chime Time Adventures follows comedic heroes Tommy and Tallulah as they race to chime the time...but, as every hour passes and the clock springs to life, things don't always run so smoothly! In these six exciting episodes, the twins and their adorable friends will embark on wild storybook shenanigans, daring circus acts and amazing magic tricks. There's also a giant game of Tickety-Tag and a marvelously messy photo day! With the help of their Tickety Town friends, Pufferty, McCoggins, Tooteroo, Madame Au Lait, Battersby, Chikidee and Hopparoo, your own preschoolers will learn the importance of teamwork, community and social responsibility. In this very first Tickety Toc collection, every second counts! *Dove approved for the whole family*\n\n—Anchor Bay Entertainment Kids & Family")
('Get Revenge', "A 'wife of a famous broadcaster and freelance entertainer' has been doing well for 12 years. Due to a mistake, her life falls apart overnight However, she learns that there was another reason for her downfall, and so begins her revenge.")
('Dae Jo Yeong', 'The drama tells the story of the life of Dae Jo-yeong, also known as the founder of the kingdom of Balhae, from birth to his death.')
('The Genius', 'A survivor game involving 13 "Geniuses" of different field of expertise. Each week, one contestant is eliminated after playing the Main Game and the Death Match until only one remains the final victor.')
('Night Light', 'The drama is about ambitious people clamoring to claim more power and success for themselves: an ambitious woman, a man born in a wealthy family and another woman who wants to escape from her poor background.')
('Oh My Geum-Bi', 'Geum Bi is a spirited 8-year-old girl who suffers from Niemann-Pick Disease Type C (NPC), a rare genetic condition that makes her body unable to properly metabolize cholesterol and other lipids. The condition is often referred to as "childhood Alzheimer\'s" because of the accompanying rapid mental and physical deterioration. Her single father, Hwi Cheol, is a swindler. While taking care of Geum Bi, he learns about the preciousness of life. Geum Bi\'s stern mother, Jang Joo Yeong, is estranged from Hwi Cheol and disapproves of everything he does. Go Kang Hee is an arborist who likes to spend her time alone or on the search for stolen cultural artifacts. When Kang Hee meets Hwi Cheol, she finds herself drawn into his life. Can Geum Bi teach Kang Hee to mend her fractured heart?')
('Law of the Jungle', 'In this fascinating program, along with a host of celebrities will be invited to travel to different places to visit and nature, and they try to do their work during the journey. For example, if you enter an area in which people with your fishing Tndgy Kzrannd They must do this to do. In general, everyone should have their products out of the water and pull .\n\n—Peyman Jingchak')
('Save the Last Dance for Me', 'Eun Soo is a pure but unsophisticated woman who runs a small resort inn with her father. Eun Soo is just an ordinary girl, but her life changes when she meets a man who\'s completely lost his memory. She takes him in and cares for him, and even gives him a name: "Baek Chang Ho". Love blossoms, and soon wedding bells can be heard. But on the night of their wedding ceremony, Eun Soo\'s father passes away. And soon after, Chang Ho disappears too. In the blink of an eye, the two people Eun Soo loves most in the world have left her. But Chang Ho had his reasons for disappearing: his real name is Kang Hyun Woo, and he\'s heir to a large conglomerate. Even more, someone is plotting to kill him.')
('The Accidental Couple (That Fool)', 'An ordinary post office clerk is hired by an actress to save the face of the lover. After they agree to a six-month contract marriage, they face new challenges from those lies.')
('The World That They Live In', 'Story of lives of drama directors.')
('Kamen Rider Wizard', 'Phantoms appear and attack the human because they create New-Phantoms from hopeless human minds. Haruto Souma uses magic rings to turn into a Kamen Rider Wizard, and fights against Phantoms. Why did he undertake his fate?')
('Uncle', 'A music drama about an unemployed uncle and his 12-year-old nephew.')
('Sketch', 'An action drama about people who struggle to change their fate, one of whom is an elite detective with great analyzing skills.')
('The King of Tears, Lee Bang-won', 'The King of Tears, Lee Bang-won sheds new light on leader Yi Bang-won who took the initiative to establish the Empire of Joseon during the end of the Goryeo Dynasty and early Joseon Dynasty when the ancient order of Goryeo was destroyed and the new order of Joseon was created. It is based on real persons and real events.\n\n—KlfOpera')
('Five Children', 'Sang Tae, a widowed marketing manager with a son and daughter, falls in love with a fellow employee, Mi Jung, a single mother with three kids of her own. Together, the couple experiences true happiness while working through conflict.')
('Temptation of Wife', 'The drama tells the story of a woman named Goo-Eun Jae who was hurt by her husband, Gyo-Bin and best friend Shin-Aeri, Goo-Eun Jae finally took revenge on the two people who had destroyed her life and family. Can he avenge all his revenge ???\n\n—Gafri Ariansyah')
('Painter of the Wind', "Shin Yoon Bok is a very talented painter who disguises herself as a boy so she can infiltrate the painting academy to improve her art--and search for her father's murderer. Kim Hong Do is the man who teaches Yoon Bok how to paint and falls in love with his apprentice, not knowing that he is a she.\n\n—FilmPuff")
('Jejoongwon', "Jejoongwon is the first modern hospital in Korea established in the Joseon era in 1885. Baek Do Yang is a nobleman who gives up his status to enter its ranks. Hwang Jung is a butcher's son who becomes a physician, while Seok Ran enters Jejoongwon as an interpreter but takes on medical training to become a doctor.")
('Heart Surgeons', 'The series revolves around the thoracic surgery department of a hospital.')
('Juvenile Delinquency', 'A story about an 18-year-old Da Jung who discovered a field of marijuana as a teenager, and her friends who desperately look for their lost, ordinary life. A human drama about growing up, experiencing love and wounds, as Da Jung who was used by her parents to transport drugs, meets Yoon Tak, a rural man and his friends in the countryside.\n\n—mydramalist')
('Ms. Ma, Nemesis', "A woman falsely accused of killing her daughter escapes from prison, tries to clear her name, and solves a series of mysteries along the way; a twist on Agatha Christie's Miss Marple stories.")
('Kongsuni and Friends', "For five year-old Kongsuni life is one big, beautiful adventure. Whether it's at home, in school or on the playground, everyday experiences have a way of becoming exceptional when she's around! There's never a dull moment in Kongsuni's world! The secret? Her best friend: a magical talking owl named Seyo. Any scenario that Kongsuni dreams up, Seyo can make a reality with his special powers.")
('Shut Up Flower Boy Band', 'Shut Up Flower Boy Band is a gritty underdog story with heart. Eye Candy is an underground rock band of high school boys. When they transfer to the elite high school, they begin a journey to find their place in the music world.')
("Cinderella's Sister", 'A modern day adaptation of Cinderella with a twist as our Cinderella, Goo Hyo Sun, is loved by everyone whereas her stepsister, Eun Jo, has a dark past and struggles with the fact that her mother starts to care more for Hyo Sun than her.')
('Geunyeoneun Geojitmaleul Neomoo Saranghae', "Lee Hyun Woo (Moorim School, The Technicians) and Joy (from K-pop group Red Velvet) star in an adaptation of the runaway hit Japanese manga. When a genius composer with a hidden identity meets a girl with a beautiful voice, it is love at first sound. Finding true love with hidden identities, though, is a bit complicated. Kang Han Kyul (Lee Hyun Woo) is a famous, and very talented, composer. Having worked for a famous band long before they were stars, he has achieved a lot more in his youth than most do in their careers. However, he has fallen into a deep depression and no longer seems to have any motive to live. That is until he hears a voice that strikes a chord in his heart. Yoon So Rim (Joy) is a high school student. She has a voice unlike any Kang Han Kyul has ever heard. Yoon So Rim sees the pain in the sound composer's heart. Through her kindness and serenity, she convinces him to return to life. And through her voice, she makes her way into his heart. The problem, though, is that Kang Han Kyul intentionally hid his identity from Yoon So Rim. So for a man who has fallen in love, is it even possible for it to be real when you are hiding your true who you really are?")
('The Stars Are Shining', "After the death of her father, Jo Bong-hee attempts to ease her impoverished family's burden by relocating to a nearby city. She perseveres through adversity and eventually becomes a renowned fashion designer.")
('The Return of Iljimae', 'This drama centers the life of Iljimae, a young man who fights the government for people.')
('Grand Prince', 'The story of two princes, one hungry for power and the other longs for love. They enter into a rivalry when they fell in love with the same woman.')
('Scripting Your Destiny', '"Scripting Your Destiny" is a fantasy romance drama about a god named Shin Ho Yoon, who writes the fates of humans. In order to create the romance of the century, he secretly gets inspiration from the work of a makjang (extreme) drama screenwriter named Go Che Kyung. (Soompi)')
('Summer Vacation', "We live in repetitive daily routines, and it is time to take a break to find the balance of our body and minds. To enjoy the summer vacation, the half-time of our lives, Yu Mi and Woo Shik go to spend a daily life in a new place. It's a small village where the ocean spreads in the front yard and the sun shines warmly over you. They sometimes enjoy the moment by themselves or with their friends. It's about eating healthily, working out, and looking back ourselves. Will you come to our house?")
('Mary Stayed Out All Night', 'Wi Mae Ri is the cheerful, pragmatic daughter of a failed businessman who had grown used to being constantly on the move to evade loan-sharks. She becomes fast friends with free-spirited indie singer Kang Moo Kyul when she nearly runs him over in her car. Meanwhile, her father Wi Dae Han is saved from his debtors by his old friend Jung Suk, who had just returned from considerable success in the Japanese entertainment industry. Jung Suk sets up a deal with Dae Han to have Mae Ri marry his son, Jung In. Desperate to escape this predicament, Mae Ri begs Moo Kyul to pose as her husband, and finds herself in even more trouble than before when her father proposes a 100-day period in which she must divide her time equally between Moo Kyul and Jung In, after which she must decide which one to marry.\n\n—Anonymous')
('Priest', 'Oh Soo Min is a former doctor, but he is now a Catholic priest. He performs exorcisms. Meanwhile, Ham Eun Ho is a doctor in the emergency room of a hospital. One day, Oh Soo Min goes to the hospital where Ham Eun Ho works. She gets involved with him.\n\n—Karolline Rodrigues')
('Padam Padam', "Yang Kang Chil was imprisoned for 16 years for a murder he didn't commit. When he's released, he goes to Seoul accompanied by his guardian angel.")
('12 Years Promise', 'A pregnant teen is forced by her family to leave her boyfriend and assume a new identity in America, but 12 years later, the couple reunites in Korea.')
('Final Fantasy: Unlimited', 'Two siblings try to find their missing parents. Based on the best selling video game series by Square Enix.')
('Power Rangers Dino Force Brave', 'In this sequel to the Super Sentai series, Kyoryuger, a new generation of heroes are chosen to protect the Earth and carry on the legacy of the Kyoryugers.')
('The Emperor: Owner of the Mask', "Set in the 18th-century Joseon, it tells the story of Crown Prince Lee Sun and his fight against a powerful and wealthy organization Pyunsoo hwe, who controls the country behind the scenes. He becomes a hope for the people who suffer from lack of water due to the greed of Pyunsoo hwe, who tried to privatize the nation's water supply. With the help of the woman he loves, Ga-eun, Lee Sun overcomes adversity and grow as a just ruler.\n\n—Anonymous")
('Lucky Romance', 'A superstitious woman is told, by a fortune teller, that her sister will come out of coma if she spends the night with a man born in 1986. Later, she finds out that her boss, who is an antisocial nerd, was born in 1986 and tries to seduce him.')
('You Are My Destiny', 'The story of four families and their differences with each other. But things start to change when a young orphan girl enters their lives.')
('Witch Amusement', 'A very annoying and not-attractive young boss became a beautiful and sensitive woman after meeting a man who messed up all her life.')
('Entertainer', "Shin Suk Ho (Ji Sung) was once a hotshot director at South Korea's biggest entertainment company, but as the CEO of a small agency, he discovers there's more to the business than glamour. Forced to wear different hats, Suk Ho juggles everything from talent recruitment to managing fledgling trainees-eventually discovering his true calling as a band manager.")
('Valid Love', 'a women finds out what is it feels to be with another man in her life for the first time')
('Kingdom: Legendary War', 'It is known as the sequel and the male counterpart of Queendom. A preliminary competition titled Road to Kingdom aired from April 30 to June 18, 2020. The Boyz won the competition, securing a spot in Kingdom.')
('Choco Bank', 'Can everyone fulfill the destiny of his or her name? Kim Eun Haeng (Kai) was named after the word "bank" in Korean. But despite his auspicious name, Eun Haeng is still struggling to land his first job after graduating from college.')
('The Third Charm', 'The series tells the 12 year love story of two people with completely opposite personality.')
('Lookout', 'People lose loved ones in crimes and the criminals are not punished. The daily lives of these people are completely broken. They form a group to realize justice.')
('Three Meals a Day', 'South Korean cooking reality show. The cast live in a little rural or fishing village three days a week and use whatever food they find there to create three meals a day, while various celebrities from Seoul make guest appearances for dinner.')
('Fates and Furies', 'Even though Goo Hae Ra is smart and beautiful, she is in a miserable situation because of her family. Her older sister attempted suicide and her father passed away. The only way she can escape her situation is with money. She approaches Tae In Joon. He is the second son of a shoe company owner. Tae In Joon falls in love with Goo Hae Ra.')
('Kwaegeol Chun-hyang', 'Chun-hyang is smart and sassy and becomes involved with good looking Mong-ryong. His first love Chae-rin enters the picture. An older man, Hak-do, pursues her. Will they find their way back to each other?')
('Lonely Enough to Love', "Lonely Enough to Love is a romance story about youths living in a co-living house together who want to be in relationships but don't want anything too serious, and who want freedom but don't want to be lonely.")
('The Time We Were Not in Love', 'A romantic story of two best friends who were friends for last 20 years but never realize they have been in love all the time.')
('I Live Alone', "This show recollects the daily lives of celebrities and form its unique sympathies among the singles within South Korea by showing celebrities' lives without significant filtering.")
('Miniforce X', "Zenos who was once defeated by space cops, is not dead yet. Hundreds of years later, a space pirate gang DanDanDan (Kara, Dante, and Dancho) finds Zenos being confined in Asteroid Crete. Zenos lost most of his power but manages to escape Crete by making a promise to DanDanDan that he will make their dream come true. Zenos' power source is the negative emotions like sadness and fear that living things generate. A massive amount of negative energy is needed for full resurrection of Zenos. Zenos and DanDanDan wander in the space and finally settles in Earth, where they can find many living creatures. Zenos calls his old underlings for his grand project but it doesn't seem to work well because of our Mini Force and clumsy mistakes DanDanDan makes.\n\n—SAMG")
('Begin Again', 'Reputable musicians from South Korea travel overseas, to places where no one knows anything about them, and hold busking events. They would introduce themselves to the people in other countries through their performances.')
('Twogether', 'Paired together for an unforgettable trip across Asia, stars Lee Seung Gi and Jasper Liu become buddies as they connect with fans and local cultures.')
('Diary of a Prosecutor', "The stories of overworked prosecutors's daily lives in Seoul.")
('Oh! My Lady', "Series Outline: Sung Min Woo is the top male star in Korea due to his good looks and singing talent. Ambitious, he moved into TV dramas which he helps with his star power and hinders with his terrible acting. He also has an exploitative, unethical manager. Yoon Gae Hwa is a housewife divorced from a rich husband who needs to earn enough money to keep her daughter in her custody while her ex-husband's new wife doesn't want the daughter of a previous wife around. Gae Hwa's sole prior work experience is 6 months as a reporter for a weekly scandal rag. Her first jobs shown in the series are unsuccessful but include 1 day as housekeeper for Sung Min Woo where a babysitting emergency forces her to leave early, infuriating Sung Min Woo. Shortly afterwards, she finds another job at a musical production company, learns a secret about Sung Min Woo, and convinces him to work on the agency's musical, and becomes Min Woo's handler for that agency as it prepares to put on a musical starring Min Woo (if he ever improves as an actor). Handling Min Woo is no easy task due to their mutual antagonism, spurred by Min Woo's immaturity. Min Woo grows up as he faces the challenges of caring for his unexpected 5-year-old daughter Ye Eun, the result of an affair several years earlier, and by Gae Hwa's example in caring for the otherwise unprotected Ye Eun. Min Woo gains maturity very quickly as he learns to accept and love his daughter and becomes something unexpected - a good actor. The romance also ends satisfyingly - but I'm not telling that part of the ending.\n\n—dgdg")
('Bubblegum', 'Set within the backdrop of a hospital and a radio station. People with different problems get together and become happier.')
('Alone in Love', "This is the story of two ordinary people who meet and fall in love, marry and divorce, but are unable to move on from that point, because their love did not end when they separated. Eun-Ho and Dong-Jin meet one day at the bookstore where he works at and they're immediately drawn to each other. They fall in love after subsequent meetings, and the two are married like millions of others who are in similar situations. But two years later they are divorced, and that's where the story opens. A pair of divorcées sitting across from each other talking about each other's lives. There's nothing about them that stands out from the crowd. They have ordinary jobs, he works at a bookstore and she at the fitness club. Neither is extremely good-looking, nor rich, nor charismatic. But there is something different about them, and as the story reveals the reasons behind their divorce, their continuing meetings after divorce, their mingling in each other's lives, their matchmaking attempt for each other, and their internal monologues about each other, it becomes apparent they are each other's destiny if such thing exists. But even so, getting back together might be asking too much, since that would open up a wound that they've tried to bury for three years. Furthermore their new love-interests, Mi-Youn and Hyeon-Joong are marking their steps into Dong-Jin and Eun-Ho's lives, and the new love might just be a wiser option for two that have tried but failed already. In fact, Hyeon-Joong may have more things in common with Eun-Ho than she ever did with Dong-Jin, and Mi-Youn seems to need Dong-Jin more than Eun-Ho ever did, this alone might be enough for the pair of divorcées to finally cut the tie between them.\n\n—Anonymous")
('Twenty-Twenty', '"Twenty-Twenty" tells the stories of 20-year-olds who work to find their dreams as they experience freedom and responsibilities for the first time and also the dream and love of twenty-year-olds who share the realistic problems that they face as they just became adults.\n\n—bilalkamaran')
('Youth Over Flowers', 'N/A')
('Pinkfong Wonderstar', 'Pinkfong will be getting a fully animated TV show sometime in 2019 named Pinkfong Wonderstar. The show will feature Pinkfong and his friend Hogi.')
('Tobot', "They're robots that can transform into cars and the Tobots are committed to fighting villains to protect the city and root out crime.")
('Local Hero', 'Baek Shi-Yoon is an ex-secret agent. He is a well-trained human weapon. Hiding his past, he buys the bar "Neighborhood", runs it is as owner and meets a young man who wants to become a police officer. Later they fight together against evil.\n\n—AsianWiki.com')
('The One & Only', "Our hero suddenly rises from a coma. He has no idea who or where he is. All he has are the keys to his 2012 Toyota Camry. When he gets inside, something triggers a flood of images from his past. Then, when he uses the Camry's Entune system, a key memory sets him on his journey.")
('Eveui modeun geot', 'A story about two beautiful and yoing TV reporters who are competing for the top position at the network they work for.')
('Children of a Lesser God', 'Chun Jae In is an elite detective with a genius IQ, who guided by only facts, logic, and numbers. Meanwhile, Kim Dan is a rookie detective who can see ghosts. They work together to uncover a conspiracy involving a powerful organization.')
('My Daughter, Geum Sa-wol', 'Geum Sa Wol is a genius architect who grew up in an orphanage. Despite the hardships she faced while growing up, she always stayed positive and never despaired no matter how tough life became. Her biological mother Deuk-ye had her through an extramarital affair with an ex-boyfriend and plots revenge on her husband and his mother. After a considerable amount of time has passed, Sa Wol meets her mother but both of them do not recognize each other. Instead, they get to know each other as mother-in-law and daughter-in-law.\n\n—MBC')
('Joseon Exorcist', 'The series follows the story of King Taejong and his two sons, Prince Chungnyung and Prince Yangnyeong, how they fight the evil spirits who came alive and must be exorcised to save Joseon.')
('Weekly Idol', 'Korean comedy and variety show where idols have to do random stuff in the 3rd level basement')
('Smile, You', "Jung In's perfect life disintegrates overnight when her family's business fails. Her wealthy fiancé leaves her at the altar, her father is sent to jail, and her family home is sold from under them.")
('Produce 101', "101 girls from different entertainment company's are judged and ranked, only 11 out of 101 can debut and become a k-pop girl group.")
('YooHoo to the Rescue', 'In a series of magical missions, quick-witted YooHoo and his can-do crew travel the globe to help animals in need.')
('Hotelier', 'About a businessman who wants to take over a hotel and destroy the business into pieces. he gets to know the staffs and falls in love with one of them without telling them what is his purpose living so long in this hotel.')
('Dream', "Lee Jang Suk spent some time in a juvenile detention center for stealing wallets from unsuspecting strangers. After he gets out, he meets a sports agent, Nam Jae Il, who's trying to recover from a downfall in his carrier. Together, they work to achieve their dreams.")
('Kong: The Animated Series', "When King Kong fell to his tragic death off the Empire State Building, there was a young scientist Dr. Lorna Jenkins who cloned him and took him back to Kong Island so he could finally be protected again from the world. Eighteen years later her grandson Jason and friend Tan bring their teacher to the island to show him the paradise and of course Kong. But their teacher Ramon De La Porta has other plans, he steals the island's Primal Stones which control the balance of the island and make sure the imprisoned god Chyros does not escape. So now to restore balance to the island Jason, Tan, a shaman girl named Lua and of course Kong must journey around the world to retrieve the stones and stop De La Porta once and for all.\n\n—The Unforgiving Salesmen")
('Unasked Family', "When Kang Yeo-Won was a university student, she dreamed of becoming a reporter. An unexpected pregnancy, caused her to change that dream. She is now a housewife and she is busy taking care of her troublemaker in-laws, raising her child and managing her family's finances. Her husband gets into an accident and her life changes. Meanwhile, Bong Chun-Dong grew up in an orphanage with his younger sister. He had a heart disease, but he was able to get an operation due to Hwang Byung-Rae. He is now a grown man. Bong Chun-Dong passes his bar exam, but he works for Hwang Byung-Rae.")
('Kamen Rider Ghost', 'After sacrificing his life to protect his friends, Tenkuji Takeru thought he was dead for sure. Now, after being resurrected by a mystical hermit, Takeru has 99 days to fight as the masked phantom against the evil Ganma. Along his journey, Takeru must find eyeball-like devices called "Eyecons", which can unlock the spirits of history\'s famous men.\n\n—GreenZOOM')
('Mystery Queen', 'Bored with life as a housewife, Yoo Seol-Ok pursues her passion for mysteries by investigating small cases with a local policeman. Inadvertently interfering with a bigger case, she will team up with the detective in charge to solve crimes.')
('Unexpected You', 'This drama tells the story of a TV series director Cha Yoon Hee and a surgeon Bang Gwi Nam after they get married. Things get complicated when Yoon Hee meets her unreasonable mother-in-law.')
('Kkondae Intern', "Kkondae Intern is an office comedy that depicts a man's delightful revenge on his previous boss who is also the worst manager.")
('Magi-Nation', 'Three thousand years ago in the Moonlands, the evil Shadow Magi Agram was sealed inside the planet\'s Core by the Core Glyph and the Dreamstones which provided its power. Now he plans to escape by using his Shadow Geysers to weaken his prison in order to bring the Moonlands under his control, and only a Magi known as the "Final Dreamer" can stop him. A young boy from Earth, Tony Jones, is summoned into the Moonlands as he is believed to be this Final Dreamer. He joins forces with the apprentice Magi, Edyn, and the Shadow Stalker, Strag, on a mission to gather the Dreamstones before Agram is set free. Using the Book of Elders, the three travel through the Moonlands while combating the forces of Agram and gaining an ever-growing collection of Dream Creatures from the Moonlands that they visit.\n\n—internet')
('You Are the Best!', 'Lee Soon Shin goes through hardships after the death of her father. Soon Shin struggles to find happiness as the changes in her life affects everyone around her. Her love story continues in the mist of ups and downs of her life.')
('Pride and Prejudice', 'Sends a chilling message about the nature of a successful high profile corruption prosecution, not limited to the South Korean justice system. Always follow the money.')
('Second to Last Love', "Kang Min Joo (Kim Hee Ae) is a pragmatic, single, 40-something television producer who has no time for love and pretends she doesn't want any either. Deep down, though, she does wish something would happen in her love life. As fate would have it, she meets Go Sang Sik (Ji Jin Hee), an environmental facility section chief at city hall who sincerely believes he does not need any romance in his life. But when the two meet, love finds its way into their lives. Now, in a revival of the kind of romance they both left behind years ago, Kang Min Joo and Go Sang Sik will have to learn that no matter how much they try to deny it, the heart wants what the heart wants. Adding to the drama are Go Mi Ryeo (Oh My Ghostess star Kim Seul Gi), a webtoon writer and Sang Sik's little sister, and Min Ji Sun (Detectives of Seonam Girls' High School alum Stephanie Lee), a family friend's old flame who will form a love triangle with the two hesitant romantics. An official remake of the 2012 hit Japanese drama of the same name, Second to Last Love comes from director Choi Young Hoon, who has come a long way since his days as an assistant director on The Painter of the Wind. Screenwriter Choi Yoon Jung, whose daunting resume includes hits such as Mr. Baek, Emergency Couple and Lie to Me, pens the adaptation, once again channeling her nuanced understanding of what happens when you find romance where you least expect it. The first episode of Second to Last Love will air on SBS on July 30, 2016, with subsequent episodes airing every Saturday and Sunday at 10:00PM, in the time slot vacated by the conclusion of Beautiful Gong Shim. The drama is expected to run for 20 episodes, with an expected finale some time in September 2016. The full cast for Second to Last Love includes Ji Jin Hee as Go Sang Sik, Kim Hee Ae as Kang Min Joo, Kim Seul Gi as Go Mi Ryeo, Stephanie Lee as Min Ji Sun, Lee Soo Min as Go Ye Ji, and Kim Kwon as Cha Soo Hyuk.")
('Second 20s', '38-year-old Ha No-Ra (Choi Ji-Woo) dreamed of becoming a dancer when she was younger. She met her future husband, Kim Woo-Cheol, when she was only 19-years-old and became a mother unexpectedly. Since then, she focused on her life as a wife and mother. Ha No-Ra then decides to attend the same university as her 20-year-old son Min-Soo and faces life a second time like a twenty year old.\n\n—http://asianwiki.com/Second_Time_Twenty_Years_Old')
('My Secret Hotel', "A divorced couple meet again as the manager of a wedding department of a hotel and as a groom. A murder case takes place. Sang-Hyo (Yoo In-Na) is the manager for the wedding department of a hotel. She is a perfectionist with a bright personality. once She divorced 7 years ago. She meets her ex-husband Hae-Young (Jin Lee-Han) as a client at the hotel. Sang-Hyo and Hae-Young were in love and married, but they divorced less than 100 days later. Hae-Young is a famous architect. Sung-Gyeom (Namgung Min) is the management director of the hotel and Sang-Hyo's boss. The murder case that brings about a crisis at the hotel is related with his personal history. He is in a love triangle with Sang-Hyo and Eun-Joo (Lee Young-Eun). Eun-Joo works as public relations manager for the hotel. She is ambitious with her work career.\n\n—Ivan Syah")
('Love Cells', 'Fresh from playing matchmaker in Love Cells, the love guru Nebi (Kim Yoo Jung) returns to work her magic on a couple that is tragically torn apart when they lose memories of their romance.')
('Whisper', 'Shin Young Joo is a female detective, a section chief with charisma, although she spends most of her time with petty criminals. She has to pay the debt of her family and often speaks harshly, but inside she has a golden heart. Lee Dong Joon is a righteous elite judge, brilliant in mind, but with a warm heart and he always has a friendly ear for those who are weak. Both work together to solve a case of corruption, involving the greatest law firm of the nation, Taebak, which turns out to be one of the biggest scandals ever.\n\n—MyDramaList')
('Idol: The Coup', "A story about a failed idol group's last journey and their desperate attempts to prevent disbandment. Cotton Candy only needs a one time hit to save their group, but it's not as easy as it sounds. Everything is going wrong for Cotton Candy, but the members can't let go of their friendship and dreams.")
('Goodbye to Goodbye', "Young Hee is a woman who separated from her husband Sang Jin because he cheated on her. One day, Jung Hyo, a pregnant woman whose boyfriend ask her to abort the child, starts living with Young Hee, her boyfriend's mother. Although they fight often, they also come to understand one another.")
('Discovery of Love', "Han Yeo-reum and Nam Ha-jin are committed to each other. Before Ha-jin can propose, Yeo-reum's ex, Kang Tae-ha, reappears in her life. Yeo-reum and Tae-ha begin to work together and realize that they might want to rediscover old love.")
('New Tales of the Gisaeng', 'It depicts the love, sadness and pain of people surrounding a gisaeng house, where only VIPs can enter.')
('May Queen', "In the coastal city of Ulsan, Hae Joo's family barely had enough to eat, but she studied hard and becomes a technician and designer in the shipbuilding industry. San, the heir to a shipbuilding company owner, has loved Hae Joo since childhood.")
('Your Honor', "Two identical twins, Han Soo Ho and Han Kang Ho, look exactly alike but lead entirely different lives. Han Soo Ho is a respectable judge who does everything by the book, while Han Kang Ho is not only a convicted criminal but a repeat offender. When Han Soo Ho suddenly disappears, Han Kang Ho ends up taking his brother's place and living a new life as a judge.")
('Prosecutor Princess', "The writer of 2009 hit Shining Inheritance adds a romantic comedy twist to this traditional revenge story. Having graduated law school with little effort due to her superb memory and high intelligence, Ma Hye Ri has little on her mind at her graduation ceremony but the high-end fashion show going on at the same time. Escaping the ceremony in favor of skiing and shopping, she has no idea that her weekend of frivolity will set off a chain of events that will change her life forever. Forced to become a prosecutor at the insistence of her wealthy father, she appears knowledgeable but unsympathetic to her new co-workers. Meanwhile, mysterious lawyer Seo In Woo takes her under his wing and helps the princess learn a thing or two about compassion in her work. Meanwhile, educated prosecutor Yoon Se Joon begins to fall for her, but In Woo is always beside her-until Hye Ri begins to question what his motives are. Prosecutor Princess stars Kim So Yeon ( Iris ) and Park Shi Hoo, rapidly-rising star of Family's Honor and Iljimae .")
('Monster', 'The story of a man who fights against greed, and experiences every hardship and adversity known to man in order to make something of himself and find love.')
('Arpo: The Robot for All Kids', 'Meet Arpo, the commando robot-turned-nanny as he cares for mischief-maker baby Daniel and his meddling brother Joey!')
('My Runway', "Han Seo Yeon, a bright, healthy, and outgoing high school student who dreams of becoming a model. Her journey to achieving her dream will be portrayed in 'My Runway'.")
('Hwang Jin Yi', 'This story is about the life of Joseon-era dancer, musician and poet, Hwang Jin Yi, who seeks perfection in her art relentlessly and the hardship facing women due to their lowly social status.')
('Robot Trains', 'Set in the "Train World" where all citizens are trains. However, among the residents there are special trains that can transform into robots, the Robot Trains. Featuring our 5 train heroes, with special powers: Kay, Alf, Duck, Selly and Victor - and their exciting adventures. Can the Robot Trains save the village from the evil dark forces that be?\n\n—Janson Media [us]')
('Idol Star Athletics Championships', 'The Idol Star Athletics Championships is a South Korean television program which features celebrities, Korean pop idols singers and groups, which compete in multi-sport events.')
('Jang Yeong-Sil', 'Drama series follows the life Jang Yeong Shil: a scientist, technician and inventor during the Joseon period. Jang Yeong Shil was born in the lower class nobi. King Sejong notices his abilities and brings him to the palace. King Sejong grants him a chance to display his abilities.\n\n—bdlnaredi')
('Kaitou Sentai Lupinranger VS Keisatsu Sentai Patranger', "The Lupin Collection, a vast ensemble of dangerous items acquired by the legendary gentleman thief Arsène Lupin, was stolen by an interdimensional crime syndicate known as Gangler. The Gangler receive opposition from two Super Sentai teams: one being the Lupinrangers who aim to steal back the collection to not only live up their namesake's reputation but also wish back those they have lost. The other team are Patrangers, tasked to uphold justice by retrieving the collection and taking down the members of Gangler. Both teams fight not only the Gangler, but each other, in order to collect the pieces of the Lupin Collection.")
('X Man', 'The show features celebrities divided into 2 groups and working on finding the secret X-Man, whose main mission is to disrupt the teamwork of his team and keep his identity hidden. The winning team wins 1 million won. The teams compete in different missions. The most popular are balloon/Couple Quiz, Chicken fight Of course. The individual segment of X-Man usually consists of 4 episode during witch the teams have 2 chances to expose the X-Man. At the end of second and fourth episodes, the celebrities vote on who the X-Man in the teams is. The money from the show is given to charity.\n\n—Anonymous')
('Band of Sisters', 'Kim Joo Hyun (aka Han Joo Hyun from Modern Farmer), Jang Seo Hee (Obstetrics and Gynecology Doctors) and Oh Yoon Ah (Saimdang, Light\'s Diary) star in an ensemble drama that proves the bonds of joy and love are stronger than even death. When three women lose their loved ones at the same time, they band together and help each other get through the pain and jointly raise a child. The first "sister" is Kang Ha Ri (Kim Joo Hyun), who has a super personality that\'s probably a bit too bright for her profession. She is a part-timer, who works at a stationary store and nail shop. The second "sister" is Min Deul Re (Jang Seo Hee). She was once a popular actress. But the industry is brutal and the rule is simple: for the vast majority of actors and actresses, youth gone equals career gone. Now, she\'s just a has-been. The third "sister" is Kim Eun Hyang (Oh Yoon Ah), who is chic and elegant. She once worked as a secretary at a huge firm. However, now she focuses entirely on raising her daughter. Together, these three focus on helping each other through tough times and face everything life throws their way. Looking for a way to heal, they bring some joy into their life by caring for a young girl together. Joining the cast is also Seol Ki Chan (Lee Ji Hoon from Go Ho\'s Starry Night), a man who grew up in an orphanage and Yang Dal Hee (Kim Da Som, aka Dasom from SISTAR), a charming and intelligent girl who also seems to lie quite a bit and hates being poor. Can the band of sisters cope with all that is coming their way via sisterhood, or is life a little more difficult than simply "fighting?" Also known as "Unni is Alive" and "Sister is Alive," Band of Sisters is directed by Choi Hyeong Hun, who fans will remember for his work on Second to Last Love. The drama is written by Kim Sun Ok (Temptation of an Angel), who is reuniting with her Temptation of Wife star Jang Seo Hee. Band of Sisters will air on DramaFever with two episodes every Wednesday starting on April 19, 2017 for a du')
('Jugglers', 'A woman has lived her life with a passive attitude. She has a spirit of devotion and obedience. A man refuses interests of other people and developing relationships. The woman and man meet as secretary and boss.')
('K-Pop the Ultimate Audition', 'A romantic drama about tomboy Ji Seung Yeon who decides to dress up as a boy in order to enter the boy band, M2 Junior.')
('Me Too, Flower!', 'From the writer of My Lovely Sam Soon comes a drama about a young president of a fashion company, and the three women who impact his life in different ways.')
('Dr. Jin', 'A surgeon treats a mysterious patient who has a human-shaped tumor in his head, only to discover himself time-travelling to the year 1861.')
('Last', "Jang Taeho, a finance genius, fails in a financial scheme, leaving him with nothing. Pursued by those who lost millions in the failed scheme, Taeho is forced to hide in the underworld. At the bottom of life's pyramid, he will learn about the beggars' mafia-like world and their hierarchy, which Taeho decides to climb to take back his life.\n\n—benjamin perez")
('Heartless City', 'Revolves around several different characters in a world of drugs and murder..')
('Gu Am Heo Joon', "The life of a man who beat the oppressive caste system to rise to the top in his field. The actual Hur Jun, the Original Story wrote Dongui Bogam, which is registered as a UNESCO Memory of the World, 400 years ago. Even after his death, Hur Jun, the Original Story' book is used by oriental doctors in the 21st century to heal people.")
('Sunny Days', 'Ha Nee has been working in part-time jobs after graduating from high school. One day, she gets a job at a TV home shopping channel but gets fired from that job. She then decides to start her own fashion company and becomes involved with Han Kyul, a merchandiser for the TV home shopping channel.')
('Team Galaxy', '"Team Galaxy" is about a group of friends who try to balance both their school work and their free time. The three protagonists, Josh, Yoko, and Brett, are among the students of a school called "Galaxy High", a galactic justice authority, which defends the galaxy against criminals. The school teaches subjects suitable for these types of missions, which their students endure. The series apparently takes place during the present day, but in an episode where they go through a time skip, a calendar says that the year is 2051, hinting that the actual series takes place in 2050.\n\n—Cameron Iacono')
('The Fugitive: Plan B', 'For as long as she can remember, Jin Ji Ni (Lee Na Young) has been running for her life as the anonymous and seemingly omnipresent Melchidech tracks her down.')
('Zack and Quack', 'The adventures of Zack, a dynamic and adventurous boy, and Quack, his duck and best friend.')
('Less Than Evil', 'It is a crime drama about the psychological games between a detective with a strong sense of justice but tormented by the crimes he solves, and a genius woman who is insensitive to her own death. ~~ A remake of the UK series "Luther".')
('Modern Farmer', 'In search of inspiration, rock band "Excellent Souls" - Lee Min Ki (Lee Hong Ki), Kang Hyeok (Park Min Woo), Yoo Han Cheol (Lee Si Un) - goes on hiatus deep in the countryside. To their surprise, the village elder is none other than Kang Yoon Hee (Honey Lee), a zippy woman who\'s not only the town\'s first female leader, but also the youngest. She also just so happens to be bandleader Min Ki\'s first love. Amidst a rural backdrop, these scrappy rockers take stock of what stirs their passions - both musical and romantic.')
("Hyori's Homestay", 'Kpop Lee Hyo-ri and her husband open up their home on the beautiful island Jeju to welcome travelers for free stays, meals and late night chats.')
('Woman of 9.9 Billion', "An unfortunate woman named Jung Seo Yeon, who lives an overall hopeless life, comes across 9.9 million dollars and does whatever she can to keep it. Kang Tae Woo, a former detective, tries to uncover the truth behind his brother's death.")
('A Pledge to God', 'A human melodrama about two married couples who make choices beyond the ethics and morals of this world in order to save their dying children.')
('Thank You', "Dr. Min Ki Seo went to Blue Island to fulfill his deceased girlfriend's last wish to find the single mother and her little girl who was infected by HIV and to apologize to them on her behalf as she had unknowingly given the girl tainted blood when she was being treated at the hospital. Lee Young Shin, the single mom, was having a hard time caring for her grandfather who has Alzeimer's and keeping her daughter's HIV condition a secret while teaching her how to live with it. Min Ki Seo was an arrogant person who looked down on people and in meeting Lee Young Shin who accepted her fate and tried to make the best of it despite all odds, he slowly changed for the better and became a warm and caring person.\n\n—DramaWiki")
('Evasive Inquiry Agency', 'Moo Yeol is a taekwondo instructor who falls for Eun Jae at first sight when she comes and asks him to help her find gold treasures at the agency. Hee Kyung is a tarot card master and Yong Soo is a manhwa shop owner who passes his days with no dreams nor hopes but gets involved in the gold hunting simply for fun. Moo Yeol, Hee Kyung, and Yong Soo gather together at the empty Inquiry Agency office and they discover a dead corpse in the basement. The four of them later decide to start a treasure hunting project.\n\n—MyDramaList')
('My Dangerous Wife', 'A story about a couple who starts a war at home with extremely dangerous choices, and about finding the meaning of life as a husband and wife in Korean society.')
('Edeonui dongjjok', 'On the same night in a small mining town, two children are born in the same hospital. One is the son of miner Lee Ki Chul. The other is the son of mine manager Shin Tae Hwan. When a nurse, driven by her hatred of Tae Hwan, switches the babies, a chain of events is set in motion that will tear apart the lives of all involved.\n\n—Scott Hardee')
('I Picked Up a Star on the Road', 'Lee Yeon Seo is a complicated young woman. One day, on the street, she meets by coincidence a world class superstar, Gang Jun Hyeok.')
('Bite Sisters', 'This story follows Han Yi Na a vampire who suddenly becomes an online influencer. She uses her newfound fame to help those others.')
("Jang Geum's Dream", 'A spin-off of the well-known Korean drama Dae Jang Geum, the young teenager Janggeum must persevere to achieve her dreams of becoming a court lady. With her friends by her side, she leaves a mark of her own throughout Korea.')
('Missing Noir M', 'Gil Soo-Hyun after graduating Harvard University worked at the FBI for 10 years. Afterwards, he decided to come back to South Korea. He now works as the leader of the Special Missing Persons Unit investigating mysterious case of serial killer.')
('Revolutionary Sisters', 'While in the process of filing for a divorce, a mother is murdered. All of her immediate family members are potential suspects.')
('Rose Mansion', 'Ji-Na works as a contract employee, and appears to live a normal life. One day, she hears that her older sister Ji-Hyun is missing. Ji-Na goes to Rose Mansion Apartment, where unexpected events unfolds.')
('Money Game', 'The Korean government owns a large stake in Jungin Bank. When the bank faces insolvency, the members of the Financial Services Commission struggle to stave off a repeat of the 1997 Korean financial crisis.')
('Band of Brothers', 'N/A')
('I Need Romance 3', 'Shin Joo Yeon is a successful 33-year-old career woman who is jaded and no longer believes in love. That is, until she is reunited with a much younger family friend. Will his love heal her heart and make her believe in true love again?')
('Sweet Munchies', 'The story of Park Jin Sung who owns a late-night snack restaurant.')
('Different Dreams', "A turning point in Korean history, one never to be forgotten is presented in this engaging historical drama, celebrating its 100th anniversary. In 1919, during the Japanese colonial period, two events paved the way for the independence of Korea, the March 1st Movement and the establishment of the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea. And with it, a covert armament for freedom was born, the Heroic Corps. Historically and in the drama, the man leading the corps goes by the name of Kim Won Bong, his real name only a few people know. He rarely stays in one area for more than two hours and sleeps for only short periods at a time. With fiery passion in his heart, he moves about swiftly and dreams for his country's independence. Lee Young Jin a Korean woman raised by a Japanese military doctor follows in her surrogate father's footsteps, and through a series of events, attends a prestigious medical university in Shanghai. She returns to Joseon and becomes the first female surgeon. The two them cross paths, and although they follow different ideologies, Won Bong soon realizes his need for her and begins to regret sending her deep into enemy territory. These two characters will walk together, sometimes run, sometimes fall, only to get back up again to chase their dreams. Bearing with them the pain and suffering of the historical events that shaped Korea's independence, they hope to instill the past so that it will never be forgotten.\n\n—Viki")
('Legend Heroes', 'People named after warriors of myth are handed Legend Changers and are told to bet their dream in the aptly named Dream Battle. Whoever should defeat the other one hundred warriors can have their wish fulfilled.')
('Gaewa neukdaeui sigan', "The Time Between Dog and Wolf (L'heure entre chien et loup) is the twilight hour when it's difficult to distinguish good from evil, friend from foe. Lee is a model NIS officer, admired by his peers, adored by his family and reunited with his true love (Nam Sang-mi, The Grand Chef, Sweet Spy). But his bright future darkens when he learns that the savage murderer of his parents is now the key figure in an Asian narcotics ring. Lee sacrifices everything he holds dear to infiltrate the Triad in a labyrinth of corruption that leads back to the NIS itself.\n\n—D. Bannon")
('Cheongdam-dong Alice', 'A young fashion designer seizes the opportunity to marry into a wealthy family, and finds out more about love and herself along the way, in this modern Korean take on several age old stories.')
('Super Duper Sumos', 'The adventures of a trio of crimefighting sumo wrestlers.')
('The Kingdom of the Winds', 'Story of of king Daemusin, third ruler of Goguryeo and grandson of king Jumong.')
('Nonstop', 'Each Nonstop season shows the hilarious everyday life adventures of a group of college students and their friends and family. Actors in this program made many stories to be expected in campus. Unlike traditional sitcoms, each season features a brand new cast.\n\n—Anonymous')
('Master in the House', 'The members spend 2 days 1 night in masters house and learn their lifestyle.')
('Pretty Boy', 'Dok Go Ma Te is good looking and he uses this to his advantage. He begins a journey where 10 women affect his life. Through his journey he grows up and realizes what is important and who is the right woman for him.')
('Produce 48', 'Produce 48 brought together 96 girls from idol groups and entertainment companies in Japan and South Korea to form a 12-person Korean-Japanese group that would promote for two and a half years.')
('On the Verge of Insanity', 'It follows the story of middle-aged office workers struggling to survive in a turbulent workplace.')
('Medical Top Team', 'A team of elite doctors treats patients while dealing with power struggles within the hospital')
('Kamen Rider Agito', 'An amnesiac, happy go lucky boy uses the power of Agito to battle the Unknowns and unravel the mystery of his past.')
('I am Sam', "There are some offers that you just can't refuse. Jang Yi San (Yang Dong Geun) is a rookie teacher who is put in charge of a homeroom full of misfits and troublemakers, including Chae Moo Shin (T.O.P) and Yoo Eun Byul (Park Min Young). Eun Byul happens to be the daughter of Yoo Jae Gon (Park Joon Gyu), the head of a dangerous gangster organization. When Jae Gon realizes that Yi San can make his only daughter actually interested in studying, he makes the teacher an offer that he can't refuse: become Eun Byul's private tutor in exchange for one million won.")
('Emperor of the Sea', 'Jang Bo Go (Choi Soo Jong) was a slave from Shilla (a Korean dynasty that lasted from 57 B.C. until 935 A.D.) He was sold in China during the Tang Dynasty, where he was trained as a gladiator-slave. Through hard work and perseverance, he made it back to Shilla and became a successful sea merchant. The sea passage at the time was plagued by pirates and Jang Bo Go went head to head with them in battles and managed to keep the pirates at bay.\n\n—Touya')
('Can We Get Married?', "The drama revolves around a mother who gets involved in her daughters' marriages which causes more harm than good. Deul Ja (Lee Mi Sook) is a strong, meddling mother with daughters to marry off. She owns a cosmetics store and raises her two daughters on her own. She considers money the most valuable thing in the world - which makes her single-minded in the pursuit of prospective son-in-laws. Her own marriage experience was unhappy, so she's set on making sure it's different for her children. She marries off the elder daughter to a doctor, then turns her attention to the younger daughter, Hye Yoon (Jung So Min) but only to have the daughter reveal that she wants marry to an ordinary salary man, Jung Hoon (Sung Joon).\n\n—Koreandrama.org")
('Time', 'A story about a man who spent the last days of his life struggling to fix the life of a woman, whom he destroyed her life.')
('New Journey to the West', 'N/A')
('Idol × Warrior: Miracle Tunes!', 'N/A')
('Fashion King', "A third-rate designer Kang Young-gul who makes and sells counterfeits in Dongdaemun, previously unable to put his formidable talent to proper use, at a certain special opportunity becomes a big shot in the fashion industry. Meanwhile, Lee Ga-young, after losing her parents who had been successful designers in Dongdaemun and even losing their shop, having spent her life in a small room only sewing, tries her utmost to come out of a life of poverty. Two young people struggle to come out of difficult circumstances and on the other hand, the heir of the country's top fashion industry conglomerate Jung Jae-hyuk won't stop at any means to keep his position. In the end, what will become of the future of the three who try to succeed as world-class designers?")
("Don't Look Back: The Legend of Orpheus", "After his father's demise at the hand of Gaya Hotel Group, Han Yi Soo has lived for one thing only: vengeance. But there's a huge obstacle in Yi Soo's way: his inconvenient love for Jo Hae Woo, the heiress to Gaya Hotel Group.")
('The Wind Blows', '"The Wind Blows" is a story about a man who decided to divorce his beloved wife after suffering from Alzheimer\'s disease and a woman who decided to divorce her husband to have children. The plot unfolds six years later when they reunite.')
('My Lovely Girl', 'Rain makes his comeback in this drama as an entertainment-company president who lost his girlfriend in an accident and finds himself falling in love with her younger sister, an aspiring songwriter.')
('Insectibles', "A boy and his grandfather are exposed to a shrink gas and come face-to-face with the grandfather's insect creations. Pint-sized, they try to stop an evil Queen and face other adventures.")
('Lovely Horribly', "Philip and Eul-Soon seem to share fate. If one person is happy, the other person is unhappy. Philip is a top star. Eul-Soon is drama series screenwriter. They begin to work together for a drama series and mysterious things take place around them. she writes it's become reality for him.")
('Immortal Yi Soon-shin', "It is late 1598, shortly before the Battle of Noryang, the final confrontation of the Imjin War. The remnants of the Japanese invasion force are desperate to go home but are also driven by the personal motivation to beat their greatest adversary, Admiral Yi Sun Shin, once and for all. Self-serving Ming generals and Joseon officials also fear Yi's growing popularity and its impact on their personal base of power. These incidentally combining ambitions fan King Seon Jo's paranoia and make him eventually fear that Yi might come after his throne, and after a series of what he calls acts of high treason he decides to have Yi arrested. Yi, on the other hand, is determined to teach the Japanese a lesson for the atrocities they committed on the Korean people, and despite orders to remain quiet while the Japanese are to pull out without anymore bloodshed, he rallies his naval force and prepares for the upcoming battle. the battle commences and the Japanese are dealt a crippling blow, but Yi is fatally wounded by an arquebuse bullet. As he lays dying, the plot backtracks important stations of Yi's life, from his boyhood to his military career, his disgrace at the hands of his king and his reinstatement, back to the battle of Noryang, where he succumbs to his wound just as victory is declared.")
('The King and I', "It's about Kim Cheo Seon's life during the Joseon Dynasty. Kim Cheo Seon was a loyal and faithful eunuch for various Kings, such as the 5th King, Munjong, and the 10th King, Yeonsangun, during the Joseon era.")
('Road to Kingdom', 'Road to Kingdom is a competition in which seven of the South Korean boy groups compete in a comeback battle, where they will all release a new single on the same day to compete on music charts.')
("What's Wrong, Poong-Sang", "Poong Sang took care of his 4 younger siblings and supported them financially because his parents did not support them. His younger siblings are first younger brother Jin Sang, first younger sister Jung Sang, second younger sister Hwa Sang, and youngest sibling We Sang. Poong Sang is now middle-aged, but he has never lived his life for himself. He is still busy dealing with the affairs of his younger siblings. Poong Sang's first younger brother Jin Sang makes trouble as he waits for a chance to change his life. Poong Sang's first younger sister Jung Sang is a doctor. She is smart, logical and cool-headed. Poong Sang's second younger sister Hwa Sang has an inferiority complex due to her older sister Jung Sang. She is also a troublemaker like her older brother Jin Sang. Youngest sibling We Sang dreams of becoming a professional baseball player, but he has failed to achieve his dream.")
('Little Charmers', 'Hip and edge animation that welcomes to a world of magic and imagination. With a little patience, determination and a flick of their magic wands, anything is possible.')
('Ms. Temper & Nam Jung-Gi', 'Marketing Department Manager, Nam Jung-gi (Yoon Sang-hyun) is so nice that his colleagues call him "Father Theresa" and "Walking UNICEF". There is nothing that can ruffle Jung-gi\'s feathers but his coworker, Ok Da-jung (Lee Yo-won), who is so nasty tempered she\'s been nicknamed "Fire Da-jung", and isn\'t impressed with Jung-gi\'s affable nature. In fact, his goodness seems to bring out the worst in her, fanning the flames of her fury at everything and everyone. Will Ok Da-jung finally push Nam Jung-gi over the edge and ignite his anger, or will he eventually be the one to cool hers?')
('Dating Class', 'The web drama tells the story of six newly admitted university students who are still awkward when it comes to dating. These students have to take "dating lessons" and then apply what they\'ve learned by going on dates. (Soompi)')
('Passionate Love', "Kang Moo Yeol is a third-generation chaebol who has the both the looks and wealth, seems to have it all on the outside, but grows up with family issues and pain from the loss of his past love Han Yoo Rim. Meanwhile, Han Yoo Jung is a diligent and bright, and very independent woman who has a tomboyish and unruly personality which helped her overcome the sudden loss of her family. She is Han Yoo Rim's younger sister and will get involved with Kang Moo Yeol 10 years later. Both Kang Moo Yeol and his half brother Hong Soo Hyuk will fall in love with Han Yoo Jung. But, Moo Yeol and Yoo Jung are star-crossed lovers. Their tragic love story begins because of a tragedy due to their parents. How will they escape their dreary surroundings to succeed?")
('King of Masked Singer', '"King of Masked Singer" is a thrilling South Korean singing competition program that hides all identifiable markers of a person so that only the pure vocal talents shine through! Wearing the most elaborate, creative masks and costumes that camouflage every part of their bodies, two contestants compete head-to-head in three elimination rounds that span two episodes.')
('Best Lover', 'Two young stars with different backgrounds and agendas enter into a fake marriage to advance their careers, until the fake starts turning real.')
('I Summon You, Gold!', 'South Korean television series about a street vendor who designs jewelry family and her encounters with a rich family that owns a jewelry business. Standard mistaken identity and hilarity ensues melodrama.')
('Inspiring Generation', 'Set in the 1930s in Shanghai, China. Drama series depicts friendships, love and patriotism of young people.')
('All About My Romance', 'A conservative government party member falls for the fiesty young leader of an upstart liberal party in this Korean romantic comedy.')
('Hong Gil Dong, the Hero', 'Hong Gil Dong the korean Robin Hood. Unsatisfied with the current custom of the Joseon Kingdom. Decided to change the world by himself with his friends and his lover.')
('Bad Boy', "Geon-Ok is a young man with a tragic past who has come back to take revenge on the people who robbed him from his life and identity as a child. Young Mo-Ne soon develops a big crush on him, and although her older sister, Hong Tae-Ra, is suspicious of the stranger who suddenly seems to be everywhere around her family at first,she cannot stay away from him for long either. Meanwhile, Moon Jae-In's goal is to get married to boss' son, Hong Tae-Sung. Due to some misunderstanding she believes Geon-Ok to be the rich heir at first, but when she finds out the truth, she is somehow still intrigued by this mysterious stranger who never says anything about himself and only responds to questions with other questions.\n\n—Anonymous")
('Falsify', 'In modern society, journalism has lost its integrity and journalists who focus on the facts have disappeared. However, we\'ve seen that there are still journalists who seek the truth, and if there is at least one person who is willing to look, the truth will come out from the darkness. Here we have two journalists. One is a "media jackal", a journalist who will write any story, fact or fiction, in order to get views, and the other is a "vegetative journalist" who hasn\'t been able to write a single article for five years. These two journalists, with the help of a prosecutor work together in order to seek the truth.')
('One Warm Word', 'Na Eun Jin (Han Hye Jin) is a hardworking, positive, and bright woman who encounters feeling of disappointment because of her cheating husband (Lee Sang Woo) and other events, which makes her find the new side of herself. Meanwhile, Yoo Jae Hak (Ji Jin Hee) is a successful CEO, respectable father of two sons, and husband to his devoted wife (Kim Ji Soo). He thought he was happy in his life until he finds himself attracted to Eun Jin and then he begins to reflect on his life and conflicts between responsibility to family and his feelings for Eun Jin.\n\n—DramaWiki')
('I Need Romance 2012', 'Thirty-something Yeol-mae totters through her messy love life with the help from her best friends, whose romantic lives are no less complicated than hers.')
('The Great Show', 'Wie Dae Han is an ex-lawmaker and is a materialistic kind of politician. He wants to get elected as lawmaker again. One day, 18-year-old girl Da Jung comes to him. She tells him that he is her real father. Her mother raised four children, including Da Jung, alone, but she died in a hit-and-run accident. Da Jung is the only one now taking care of her 3 younger siblings. Wie Dae Han accepts Da Jung and her 3 younger siblings. He carries out "The Great Show" to become a lawmaker again.\n\n—http://asianwiki.com/The_Great_Show')
('The Fugitive of Joseon', "Set during the reign of King Injong, the protagonist is a royal physician desperate to cure his ailing daughter. He becomes a fugitive when he gets entangled in an assassination plot to poison the crown prince, and fights to save both his daughter's life and his own.")
('House on Wheels', 'Sung Dong-il, Kim Hee-won, Yeo Jin-goo build a tiny, portable home and travel with it around Korea bringing only essential belongings and go to wherever they want.')
('Flower Boy Ramyun Shop', 'Yang Eun Bi accidentally encounters Cha Chi Soo, the arrogant son of a food company in Korea. When she student teaches they meet again and sparks fly. Both of them end up working at a ramen shop staffed by flower boys (pretty boys).')
('User Not Found', 'A drama about two female high school students who share the same name; when they both transfer to a new school simultaneously, hoping to use the opportunity to turn their lives around, they forge a secret contract to swap identities.')
('Page Turner', 'A talented pianist student suddenly lost her sight.')
('I Do, I Do', "Hwang Ji An is the top shoe designer in a major shoe company. She is in her 30s, successful and single. One night, she makes a horrible mistake and sleeps with Park Tae Gang, a good-looking new employee in her company, and she finds out she is pregnant. Ji An's hard-earned career and her stylish lifestyle threatens to implode as a result of her one-night-stand mistake. Will Ji An be forced to give up everything and live with the consequences of her mistake?\n\n—Viki")
('Big Issue', 'A disgraced paparazzo is forced to work for a ruthless scandal sheet in order to get a heart transplant for his daughter. Joo Jin mo is an excellent actor.')
("The Man's Voice", 'N/A')
('Divorce Lawyer in Love', "Go Cheok Hee (Jo Yeo Jung) was once a tenacious divorce lawyer willing to do anything to win, including an incident that got her disbarred, much to the pleasure of her condescending office manager So Jung Woo (Yeon Woo Jin). But it's all history until Cheok Hee takes a new job as the office manager at a legal firm, which Jung Woo incidentally works at - as a lawyer. Now that the tables are turned, will Cheok Hee and Jung Woo keep it professional, or are they destined to sabotage each other?")
("Youn's Stay", "Na Producer was planning another season of Youn's Kitchen, which used to be a Korean restaurant overseas ran by actors team led by Youn Yuh-jung. COVID-19 sidelined the plan, the team decided to run a traditional hotel for foreigners.")
('After School: Lucky or Not', 'A high school story centering around Kim So Eun, a timid girl with an ordinary life who gets invited to a school "drawing" club, after which point she begins to encounter fantastical and extraordinary events.')
('Mecard', "Jason meets an alien talking car who can transform into a giant legendary Mecardimal warrior. But he's not the only one out to tame Mecardimals. Now Jason must learn how to master every weapon, attack and ability before the other guys do.")
('Can You Hear My Heart?', 'Can You Hear My Heart features Hallyu stars Kim Jae Won, Hwang Jung Eum and Nam Goong Min in this romantic drama that shows us love in defiance of physical limitations. Dong Joo (played by Kim Jae Won) suffers from deafness, but in his pursuit of the lovely and brilliant Bong Woo Ri (Hwang Jung Eum), he pretends that he can hear as well as anyone else to win her heart. However, Bong Woo Ri also deceives a loved one: in an effort to comfort her mentally slow father, she hides her brilliance. Through the love they strive to attain, Dong Joo and Woo Ri learn to communicate in ways outside of normal means in this heartwarming and romantic series.')
('Monster Buster Club', 'Three kids are charged with saving their town from alien invasions with the help of an alien girl named Cathy. Along with her grandfather, they reform a renegade alien hunter club that was founded centuries ago called the Monster Buster Club.\n\n—Anonymous')
('Dae Wang Sejong', 'Born as the third prince, Chung Nyeong, was far from ascending the throne. His early years were turbulent as Korea faced political tensions from both within and abroad and facing abduction as a boy to make matters worse. Eventually, the young prince finds himself living in a private residence outside of the palace and experiences the everyday life of commoners until he is a young man. Later on his ascension to the throne, Chung Nyeong (now called King Se Jong) stabilizes the newly born country and gives rise to the blooming culture of Joseon. In the process, he invents Hangul, the Korean writing system.')
('Lies of Lies', "A story of true love that begins with a woman's lies to become her own daughter's stepmother.")
('Gon', 'The Gon series features the adventures of the irascible title character, a tiny fictional dinosaur, as he interacts with the natural world. Gon somehow survived the extinction of his fellow dinosaurs and interacts with paleolithic animals.')
('Summer Guys', 'A hot youth drama about four young men and women with different personalities aimed at reviving an old cocktail bar on the beach. (Hancinema)')
('Special Affairs Team TEN', "A police task force is formed in Seoul to investigate heinous crimes such as serial killers and kidnappers. The four members are the tactless but brilliant leader, the street smart veteran detective, a young and naive data analyst, and a female cop whose instincts are informed by the victim's or perpetrator's homes. The definition of an investigative police procedural.\n\n—Matthew Weaver")
('A Poem a Day', "Story follows a group of physical therapists, nurses, radiological technologists, and trainees. Ye Jae Wook works as a physical therapist and also teaches in the same field. He begins to work as a team leader at a hospital. Woo Bo Yeong has been working as a physical therapist for 3 years. She wanted to become a poet, but due to her poor family background, she studied to become a physical therapist. Shin Min Ho is a trainee, but he isn't interested in physical therapy. His grades weren't good enough for medical school and his parents, who are both doctors, made him study physical therapy.")
('Hangout with Yoo', "Nation's best MC, Yoo Jae Suk, passes a video camera to other celebrities like a relay. They record what they do on their off days until the battery runs out.")
('The Birth of the Rich', "Seok-bong believes he is the son of a billionaire. The problem is, his father doesn't know the existence of his son, nor does he know who his father is. Working as a bellboy at a luxury hotel, Seok-bong practices himself to be qualified as a billionaire's heir. All these efforts are for the day he meets his birth father. However, one day Seok-bong's doctor tells him that he is diagnosed with testicular cancer, which only has 50 percent survival rate. Seok-bong, who obviously doesn't have enough money to cure the illness, feels tight. It's absolutely ridiculous that a billionaire's heir dies because he has no money! Seok-bong lays his hope on Lee Sun-mi, the heiress of O-sung hotel and the notorious penny-pincher. Now, finding the biological father is Seok-bong's fate and the only hope.")
('Brilliant Heritage', 'A warm and educational family drama about a 33 year-old unmarried woman conspires to marry a millionaire in his 80s and looking for family love with his four handsome sons.')
('Heard It Through the Grapevine', "Choi Yun Hee and Han Jung Ho are a wealthy couple from a prestigious family. Han Jung Ho works at a law firm. He is a powerful man and even becomes involved with the appointment of a government official. Their reputation is suddenly turned upside down because their teenage son, Han In-sang, impregnates his girlfriend from an ordinary family, Seo Bom. Bom determined to endure the humiliation and isolation from the family for the sake of her child's futurewhile the son, Han In Sang, struggles between his love for Seo Bom and his family's high expectation.\n\n—Biraj Kalita")
('Queendom', 'Queendom is a competition in which six of the top South Korean girl groups compete in a comeback battle, where they will all release a new single on the same day and see who wins on the music charts.')
('Delayed Justice', 'A story of 2 men (Park Tae Yong a public defender and Park Sam Soo a reporter), both represent the voices of judicial victims who are falsely accused.')
('I Need Romance', "As a hotel concierge manager tries to sort out her relationship with her ex, events take an unforeseen turn when the hotel's heir enters the picture.")
('The Road: Tragedy of One', '"Royal the Hill" is a posh place where top one percent of Koreans live. The series tells the secrets, desires, guilt and salvation of the residents of this place.')
('Marry Him If You Dare', "32 years old for woman is an age which may be little too late to start something new or little too early to give up something. The 'future-self' comes to 'me' today and gives advices about life and marriage. The future-self is trying to bring better life by helping her to meet a perfect spouse.\n\n—KBS World")
('Heart to Heart', 'Cha Hong Do blushes extremely caused by her social anxiety disorder. She has a crush on Jang Doo Soo for years, but she is unable to even talk to him and runs away if he encounters her. Then she meets Go Yi Seok, an egoistic psychiatrist.')
('My Spring Days', "Is cellular (body) memory possible? Can a transplant recipient take on mannerisms and memories of the donor through the act of tissue transfer? Lee Bom-yi (Sooyoung) is a heart transplant recipient. She is engaged to marry the handsome, successful doctor Kang Dong-Wook (Lee Joon-Hyuk). A chance encounter with Kang Dong-ha (Kam Woo-Sung) makes Bom-yi feel like something is missing. And why does she find so much happiness in spending time with Dong-ha's children?\n\n—leahcubed")
('Flowering Heart', "Jin Ari, the main character, is a cheerful 12 year old girl that loves art, fashion, beauty and making people happy. With her friends Sunwoo Min, a tomboy, and U Suha, a proper lady, they help people out of their despair by using magical powers that transforms them into professional adults. Other characters include (Prince) Chess, a transformed hamster whose real form is human, (Prince) Trump, the president of Ari's school who's influenced into evil by his cat, and the mysterious (Princess) Shuel, an initially evil aloof beauty who wants Queen Canaby's respect. These other characters are from the Flowering Kingdom and the Queen wants hopeless energy to kill the tree that feeds on hopeful energy while Prince Chess helps the girls gather hopeful energy.")
('The Great Merchant', 'This drama depicts the life of Kim Man Deok, a woman born on Jeju Island who transcended her lowly status as a gisaeng as well as the restraints of her birthplace, considered at the time to be a remote place of exile, to become a successful female merchant in the Joseon Era. She later became a famous model of virtue and nobility when she donated all her assets to aid the residents of Jeju during a famine, saving countless lives.\n\n—MyDramaList')
('Meloholic', "Yoo Eun-Ho (U-Know Yunho) has a special ability which allows him to read the minds of other people when he places his hand on them. Due to his special ability, he can't open his mind to anyone. One day, he meets Han Ye-Ri (Kyung Soo-Jin). He is able to discern that what she says is actually what she thinks, but he also learns that she has two different personalities.\n\n—Isabel Ryan")
('Flames of Desire', "The story of a conglomerate family that falls apart when the members are caught up in a furious battle for succession. Kim Tae-jin's children all covet his fortune and the power that he possesses as the company president, and they would do anything, however cruel and inhumane, to wrest it from the others. At the forefront of this desperate game is Yoon Na-young, the ruthless and ambitious wife of Kim Young-min, Tae-jin's third son. Her unquenchable thirst for power and wealth drove her to the point of no return, manipulating both husband and son to achieve her own desires.\n\n—Anonymous")
('Royal Family', "For 18 years Kim In Sook has been ignored and never regarded as sister-in-law by her husband's siblings; she has lived like an invisible person. Things got worse when her husband died in a helicopter crash: her mother-in-law tried to deprive her of guardianship of her son; then Han Ji Hoon, with whom she had a relationship in the past, appears as the lawyer of JK clan. When he witnesses her miserable situation, he decides to reset his life goal and turn In Sook, a woman who has been treated like rubbish, into a Queen. Ji Hoon leads a double life in JK clan and makes great effort to save In Sook. He discovers that his feelings toward her are more than gratitude and pity: she has become the only woman who makes his heart beat faster. This is the story of Kim In Sook's battle against all odds to rise to the top of JK Group with the help of the lawyer Han Ji Hoon, a man who has supported her since they were children.\n\n—KimchiDrama")
('Temptation', 'A rich femme fatale is willing to bail out a married man mired in a huge debt, but at a very high cost – one that could ruin his life and his marriage.')
('My Husband Oh Jak-doo', 'Han Seung Joo is a single woman in her mid 30\'s and she works as a PD at a broadcasting station. She does well at her job, but she is not nearly as good when it comes to housework. Han Seung Joo has a hard time dealing with social prejudices about single women. To get the position of a "married woman," Han Seung Joo marries Oh Jak Doo who lives in the mountain. Their marriage is not based on love, but their relationship develops romantically.')
('The Lover', 'Follows the relationships of four couples living together in an apartment building.')
('Hidden Identity', 'The heat is on in Investigation 5, an undercover police unit specializing in thwarting violent crimes. Led by Superintendent Jang Moon Won (Park Sung Woong), this team of young and elite officers, including Cha Gun Woo (Kim Bum), Jang Min Joo (Yoon So Yi), and Choi Tae Pyung (Lee Won Jong), assume new identities and infiltrate dangerous crime syndicates. With only their wits and poker faces at their disposal, can the team complete their missions without blowing their covers in hostile territory?')
('Man Who Sets the Table', 'After devoting 35 years of his life to his company, he was now retired. People envied him for the success he achieved in his career. Now he was looking forward to enjoying his retirement years with his wife into old age. But his wife suddenly demands a marriage separation. And his daughter whom he had thought he raised well was now rebelling against him. He worked so hard all his life but why was everything going down the drain at this point of his life? The collapse of the family is a reality that one middle-aged man is trying to reverse.\n\n—MBC America')
('Item', 'A mystery fantasy drama about a profiler and a prosecutor who uncover a conspiracy and secrets surrounding objects with special powers.')
('Miracle That We Met', 'A man dies in a car crash, but awakes with the spirit on another person. He becomes the head of two families and he agonizes over his two different wives.')
('Times', 'A "time warping" political mystery drama that tells the story of Seo Jeong In, who becomes connected to reporter Lee Jin Woo from five years in the past through a phone call.')
('Kung Fu Dino Posse', 'Animated television series about the adventures of a group of resurrected dinosaurs who have mastered kung fu.')
('Vampire Flower', 'Louis is a centuries old vampire who appears to be a teenager. He has fallen in love with Seo-young, a high school student with extraordinary blood. Together, they trek through the land of the vampires to retrieve a long lost flower.')
('Kingmaker: The Change of Destiny', 'About the beautiful challenge of a man who has a set of outstanding skills and looks back on the reality of today.')
('Big Man', "Kim Ji-Hyeok (Kang Ji-Hwan) doesn't have parents and goes through a tough life. He then meets Dal-Sook who runs a small restaurant at a traditional market. Kim Ji-Hyeok follows her like his mother and settles down at the traditional market. He works hard to open up his own store within the traditional market. Suddenly, Kim Ji-Hyeok becomes a hidden son from a family that owns Korea's top company Hyunsung. He realizes though that there are impure intentions. Since that moment, Kim Ji-Hyeok takes revenge upon the people at the Hyunsung company. He becomes romantically involved with a woman named So Mi-Ra (Lee Da-Hee) who he meets at the most important time in his life.")
('Mama Fairy and the Woodcutter', "The story follows a fairy who after losing her clothes while bathing, meets a woodcutter and marries him. After her husband's accidental death, she waits for him to be reincarnated. She is a 699-year-old barista and to ordinary people appears very old, but to special people, she appears young and also has the ability to converse with plants.")
('Sangdo, Merchants of Joseon', 'Based on The Merchant of Joseon novel by Choi In-ho: the story of Lim Sang Wok, a legendary and wise merchant who lived in the Joseon Dynasty period.')
('Mrs. Cop', 'Crime drama about female detective squad chief, who also raises her daughter. The joys and sorrows of being a working mom in Korea are explored through the life of passionate middle-aged female cop.')
('Shin Don', 'A greedy schemer or a revolutionary agent of change? Shin Don (Son Chang Min) may be the most enigmatic, misunderstood figure in Korean history.')
("Yeah, That's How It Is", 'A big family where three generations live together in one house faces challenges and conflicts together to finally realize the true meaning of family.')
('Roommate', 'Korean celebrities all room together. For some fun, loving, memorable moments. Absolutely love wish there was a third season.')
('Go! Princess PreCure', "A long time ago, a young girl named Haruka Haruno dreams on becoming a Princess like the ones in fairy tales. However, she is always being bullied by her classmates in kindergarten due to her dream. She later met a boy named Kanata who gave her a strange charm while having her promise to never give up on her dreams. A few years later, now 13 years of age, Haruka attends the Noble Academy boarding school while still cherishing her dreams of becoming a princess like one from her picture books. One day, she encountered two fairy creatures from the Hope Kingdom: Pafu and Aroma, who were followed by a strange man named Close. The fairies told her that he works for Dys Dark, lead by a witch named Dyspear who wants to bring despair to the world by locking dreams away in the Gate of Despair. With Haruka having no choice, the charm she had turned out to be a key and the fairies gave her a Princess Perfume, becoming one of the Hope Kingdom's chosen warrior: Cure Flora, a Pretty Cure to oppose Dys Dark. Later joined by Minami Kaido, Kirara Amanogawa and Towa Akagi; as Cure Mermaid, Cure Twinkle, and Cure Scarlet, Haruka forms the Princess Pretty Cure Team to collect Dress Up Keys needed to open the Gate of Dreams while protecting people's dreams from Dys Dark's forces.\n\n—Yudi Haryadi")
('Sandglass', "Tae Soo is the son of a prostitute who has to give up his studies; he joins a gang to support himself. Woo Suk is the son of the upright farmer who studies law while working part time. Hye Rin is the daughter of a crooked casino owner mob boss who gives up her lavish yet tumultuous life to pursue her studies at a University. She joins a student protest movement. It is the 1970's and South Korea is in a political upheaval. Students are abandoning their studies and joining protests and marches against the oppressive regime. Meanwhile Taesoo quickly rises up in the ranks of his crime family. His friend Woo Suk struggles to get through school while working part time jobs. One day, Woo Suk meets Hye Rin at an eatery populated by University students. Woo Suk falls in love with Hye Rin. Then Hye Rin meets Tae Soo and he falls for Hye Rin. Meanwhile Baek Jae Hee the former bodyguard of Hye Rin quietly and painfully follows her wherever she goes.\n\n—Illustrious")
('Argon', 'ARGON shows the struggles behind the scenes in the competitive world or daily news. Work, play, love, hate, trust and betrayal are on the headlines every episode.')
('Beautiful Days', "Sun-jae's father and Sung-chun are like brothers. Sun-jae's father was murdered by Sung-chun in 1975 before Sun-jae was born. Sung-chun's involvement in the murder was covered up. In 1985 immediately after Sung-chun's wife dies, Sung-chun has Sun-jae and his mother move in with him and his children (Min-chul and Minji). Sung-chun tells everyone Sun-jae is his real son, but in actuality he is not. Min-chul and Minji hate their father, Sun-jae and Sun-jae's mother. Sun-jae meets Yonsoo and Sena while visiting Grace Home (an orphanage). Yonsoo is touched by Sun-jae's kindness. Yonsoo accidentally burns Sena with hot water and is guilt-ridden. In 1995, Yonsoo leaves Sena at the orphanage to look for a job and earn money so that Sena can join her later. She promises to meet Sena at the Seoul Tower on Christmas Day.\n\n—Michael D.")
('Stone Age', "The people of Tectonika survived after the fall of technology, only in a form of primitive stone-age era residing along with wild dinosaurs. A passionate dreamer, Woody, along with a baby pet dinosaur, Moga, sets on a path to become the best pet trainer but are often challenged by mechimaniac villains. Join Woody's journey as the action and comedy will keep your futuristic stone-age era a worthwhile adventure.")
('Rubeusutori in Habeodeu', "The drama series is essentially about the lives of Hyun Woo, Jung Min and Soo In. Kim Hyun Woo (Rae-won Kim), a first year law student at Harvard Law, enters into a rivalry with classmate Hong Jung Min ('Jeong-jin Lee') for the affections of beautiful medical student Lee Soo In (Kim Tae-hee). It portrays love, ambition, and romantic characters and storyline.\n\n—Anonymous")
('Hur Jun', 'The life, struggle and ascension of doctor Hur Jun, an exponential medical figure during his times.')
('Punch', "When Park Jung Hwan (Kim Rae Won), the chief of the anti-corruption investigation team for the Supreme Prosecutors' Office, learns that he has a malignant brain tumor that gives him only 6 months to live, he decides to throw his final punch at the criminal world before he says farewell to life. While he was once a dishonest chief himself, making compromises to achieve his position of power, Park decides to redeem himself by he taking down the corrupt Public Prosecutor General Lee Tae Joon (Cho Jae Hyun). In his passionate pursuit, he recruits the help of Shin Ha Kyung, his ex-wife and mother of his child who divorced him because he was only concerned with power and status and is now an upright prosecutor herself. Park is determined to redeem himself to the world, but can he also redeem himself in the eyes of his family?")
('Standby', "Standby is a workplace comedy that takes place at a fictional broadcast station, where our series lead Ryu Jin finds himself stuck in a career slump (can it be a slump if it never took off?) amid st dreams of anchoring the nightly news. Other characters include variety PDs, writers, and announcers who make up the broadcast station family. Jung plays a young woman named So-min who grew up in a remote mountain village. She finds herself working a number of odd jobs once she makes the big move to Seoul, determined to make her way in the world and work hard at a successful career. So-min (the character) is a little behind the fashions and tends to say weird things that puzzle people, but she's got a warm heart and a generous personality. Sadly, though, it's that trusting nature that also makes her a target for opportunists.")
('Kamen Rider Drive', 'When he is chosen by the Drive Driver and Tridoron, Shinnosuke transforms into Kamen Rider Drive and is tasked with battling the Roidmudes who wish to take over the world by eliminating humanity.')
('Breakup Probation, A Week', 'Ga Ram and Seon Jae who are about to get married suddenly got into a car accident. The accident left Seon Jae in a coma, and for Ga Ram to lose her life. After leaving this world, Ga Ram finds herself in an unknown place where she receives a strange offer from a man named X. "I\'ll give you a week. In order to save Seon Jae, break up with him in a week." Ga Ram goes back to the week ago. She must say goodbye to Seon Jae who promised to be with her forever. Only then Ga Ram realized Seon Jae\'s sincerity which had been hidden to her. Seon Jae fights alone to protect his love, but it\'s too late. They need to find excuses to break up but as time went by, there were only reasons for them to now break up. Will Ga Ram succeed in breaking up with Seon Jae and save him?\n\n—Source: HanCinema')
('Spiral Zone', "An evil scientist (Overlord) invents a device that emits a radiation that controls the minds of the people within its range. He gathers a sizable percentage of the Earth on his initial attack, and conventional forces cannot counter-attack as they will also come under the power of the Zone if they enter. Earth's most powerful soldiers are united to combat the menace while wearing their Zone-resistant suits. Each Zone generator is biological in nature and grows to full size and capacity in a matter of minutes. Earth's free forces are faced with the challenge of destroying the generators while resisting the Zone-controlled forces, not to mention how easy it is to re-establish a control Zone. The good guys consist of 5 soldiers that are dropped into special missions by a Zone-resistant plane. The bad guys consist of about 6 guys that are specially treated by Overlord to be Zone-resistant (they still show the red blemishes and retain them whether in or out of a Zone-controlled area) while maintaining free will, and are supported by 'Zone Troopers' who wear a helmet that allows them to leave Zone controlled areas while remaining under Zone control.\n\n—Bruce Whitten (StlBlade)")
("Paik's Spirit", 'Drinks keep the conversation flowing as culinary star Paik Jong-won and celebrity guests talk life, food and booze over intoxicating meals.')
('All About My Mom', 'Jin Ae has a love and hate relationship with her mother San Ok. She dreams of becoming independent from her family and especially from her mother. Jin Ae falls in love with Hoon Jae and marries him. Meanwhile, what awaits for Jin Ae is her new mother-in-law. While experiencing difficult times with her mother-in-law, Jin Ae begins to understand her mother San Ok for the first time.\n\n—MyDramaList')
('Jeong Do-jeon', 'Set between late Goryeo Dynasty and early Joseon Dynasty period. Jung Do-Jeon plans for the new country of "Joseon" and new culture as an influential advisor to King Taejo. Jung Do-Jeon resistance among those that want to keep Goryeo.')
('Chakhanmanyeojeon', 'A housewife too nice for her own good is married to an unemployed husband. She switches places with her selfish, opinionated twin sister, who works as a flight attendant. Although they are identical twins, they have polar opposite personalities. Aboard the plane, she meets the pilot, an abstinent bachelor, and their journey sets off.')
("My Husband's Lover", 'N/A')
('Babel', "A prosecutor who started out as a newspaper reporter, whose personality is described as fiery and hot-tempered. He grew up in a comfortable life, but one day his family is shattered when his father dies in an accident whose cause is unclear, and his mother takes her own life. When he finds out that his father's bankruptcy and death are connected to a conglomerate, he begins his mission to uncover the truth and get revenge.")
('My Healing Love', "A women is married with a younger man. Her life is hard, she's always had to take over her husband's problems. But suddenly she starts to meet a generous and success man who is always saving her from some troubles. He's divorced and has a little girl. One day, he realizes that they had already known each other long time ago but she doesn't remember anything\n\n—selene_bs")
('Spark', "Strange things happen at night. Son Ha Neul (Nam Bo Ra) is a young woman who lost her parents to a terrible accident and has been living at a friend's house. She works odd jobs during the day and night to support herself.")
('Love & Wish', 'A high-teen romance depicting love, friendship, and growing pains of fresh high school students through a female protagonist dreaming of fateful love and a male protagonist who is involved in school violence.')
('My Korean Jagiya', "My Korean Jagiya tells the story of Gia, a quirky, bubbly, and hopelessly romantic girl often teased that she is next in her family to--become an old maid. Apart from being a Korean grade-school tutor, she is the ultimate K-drama fangirl, armed with determination to meet her long-time crush, Korean superstar Kim Jun Ho, who has stepped out of the limelight at the height of her career and fallen off the radar. When her school offers her a scholarship training in Seoul, she grabs the opportunity to try to find Jun Ho, but returns home disappointed. Fate has a different plan for her: she helps a drunk Korean guy who was beaten by gangsters in one of Manila's bars. After a few days, the mysterious guy comes back to thank her, and much to her surprise, it's her dream oppa, Kim Jun Ho. Sparks fly and the two become friends. But to Gia, Jun Ho will always mean something more. Can he find it in his heart to fall in love with her, too? Or are some dreams too good to come true?\n\n—anonymous")
('Jeon Woo Chi', "Jeon Woo Chi based on classical novel of unknown origin dating to the Joseon era that tells the story of a free-wheeling, mischievous Jeon Woo Chi, who swallowed the gumiho's fox bead, which gave him powers of Taoist magic. He uses those powers to save the poor, oppressed people and becomes a hero.\n\n—Dramabeans")
('Sponsor', 'A romance thriller between four men and women running like a runaway locomotive toward different desires, including success, revenge, children and love.')
('Sharp', 'N/A')
('Your House Helper', "The daily life of an average working woman involves: a packed subway during the rush hours, a miserable old boss, juniors clawing their way up, mounting credit card debt, and a rusty and tired body - And above all, the worst is the endless housekeeping work that awaits her at home. But what if a handsome guy appears and takes care of all the housekeeping work for her? And not only that, what if he solves the problems in her complicated and confused life? In this drama, a male house helper does housekeeping works in different women's houses and tries to solve their issues.")
('Family Outing', "A South Korea Variety Show. It consists of a permanent cast of eight 'Family' members, with one or more guests per episode. The cast visit various South Korean locations, residing overnight at an elderly couple home, while competing in games, preparing meals, and performing assigned house chores.\n\n—prechtik")
('Mix Master', 'The town of Gamebridge has mixed up with a magical game world. Monsters are running wild, and an evil prince is plotting world conquest. The folks of Gamebridge must turn to an unlikely hero who will save the world.')
('Andante', 'Moving to a new school is easy for a computer genius who skips school. But things change.')
('Bad Papa', 'Yoo Ji Cheol used to be a top boxer. After hitting rock bottom, he decides to gain control of his life again through mixed martial arts.')
('Henry Hugglemonster', 'A happy young Hugglemonster named Henry goes on adventures with his friends and family. When they run into problems,Henry finds a way to save the day.')
('Legal High', 'A story of two completely different lawyers. Go Tae Rim is a lawyer with a 100 percent success rate who knows how to play with the law, and Seo Jae In is a rookie lawyer who believes in the law and justice.')
('Working Mom', 'N/A')
('New Heart', "The pride and frustration of cardiac surgeons on the job. Lee Eun Sung graduated from a newly established medical school in the southern province and not from an elite one like the Hwang Hee University Hospital where he applied for residency with the hope of becoming a great cardiac specialist. Since he wasn't a graduate of Hwang Hee U., he was looked down upon by almost everyone at the hospital. Nam Hye Suk graduated with top marks and was regarded as a star student. She was an absolute fundamentalist and proud of herself. Dr. Choi Kang Gook became the new head of the Department of Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgery after being in exile for 5 years for getting into trouble with his former superior. He was a genius but he was also a stubborn surgeon who does not care for hospital politics. It ended up only LES and NHS were the only doctors who applied for residency and they were accepted with great reluctance after being rejected outright by Dr. CKG. Lee Dong Gwon, a famous actor, was admitted to the Hospital for arrhythmia surgery. He knew NHS from elementary school and was infatuated with her. Between him and LES, who would NHS choose?\n\n—DramaWiki")
('Take Care of Us, Captain', "Han Da Jin is an inspired pilot who tragically loses both of her parents after graduating from a prestigious pilot school in the US. She looses her faith in flying, but finds a reason to fly again to make her father proud. Kim Yoon Sung was Han Da Jin's fathers student and became a pilot under his studies, but after he tragically causes Han Da Jin's mother to die on the flight from Korea to San Francisco he loses faith in flying as well. Kim Yoon Sung finds his desire to fly again and turns out to be a successful captain. Han Da Jin and Kim Yoon Sung start to work together as captain and co-pilot, but Han Da Jin's way to become a successful captain is not guaranteed as Kim Yoon Sung wants to teach her the basics from the start. Also on the way of Han Da Jin's success is Kang Dong Soo, a flight tower manager who first brings the not pretty side in Han Da Jin.\n\n—Anonymous")
('Switch: Change the World', 'N/A')
('Paris ei yeonin', 'Tae-young met Ki-joo, a businessman, while studying in Paris. Though they developed a mutual attraction for each other, however they parted on bad terms and met each other again in South Korea.')
('Phoenix', "A delightfully twisty inversion of the Cinderella story, Phoenix is about a woman who, by choosing to marry beneath her, falls from princess-status to peasant-status, and then rises again like the proverbial firebird. Lee Ji Eun defies her parents' wishes to marry poor student Jang Sae Hoon, but unable to handle the burdens of poverty, she later succumbs to her family's pressure and divorces him. Heartbroken, her husband leaves for the U.S., and the two don't see each other again until Sae Hoon returns to Korea as a wealthy, self-made businessman, and runs into her again, now a lowly domestic helper. Ji Eun, having experienced many humbling turns in life since he left, is struggling to keep herself and her family afloat, and finds that their roles have been reversed-but will Sae Hoon ever be able to forgive her? Can the ashes of their love turn back into a flame?")
('Queen of Ambition', "K-drama TV show about a young woman who becomes consumed by greed and ambition, and, the man who once loved her who's now determined to stop her and make her pay for her past sins.")
('Dae Jang-Geum Is Watching', 'This food-oriented drama imagines how the descendants of the famous Joseon woman doctor and alleged culinary genius Jang Geum (the subject of the famous sageuk Dae Jang Geum) might live today if they inherited some of her talents. San Hae has been gifted with an excellent sense of taste which has mad him a huge fan and connoisseur of food. His younger sister Jin Mi has been gifted with an exceptional sense of smell, and their younger brother Jung Shik has such excellent cooking skills he has his own Youtube vlog channel. The story follows San Hae at his work and his relationship with a rookie employee at his company, a woman named Bok Seung Ah.\n\n—MyDramaList')
('Late Night Restaurant', "In a small restaurant, which is only open after midnight, a chef known as 'Master' (Kim Seung Woo) doesn't offer any menus, but is willing to whip up any dish his patrons desire. Every night, the mysterious Master dedicates himself to comforting the woes of his customers, including a gangster, a down-and-out actor, office ladies, a paper boy, and a night worker. Despite the restaurant's unconventional hours and rules, these denizens of the night still keep coming back for more.")
('One Well-Raised Daughter', 'To insure the inheritance of their family business, parents of four girls decide to raise their youngest daughter as a boy.')
('Pop Out Boy!', "Tells the story of a fictional male character from a romance comic who jumps out of the 2-dimensional pages into real life. One day, Chun Nam Wook tears through the pages of the comic book and appear in front of the story's female lead, Han Sun Nyeo. Right out of the pages of a fictional comic book, Chun Nam Wook may be a heartthrob, but once he opens his mouth he can't help but make overly cringey, emotional comments at every turn.")
('Kamen Rider Hibiki', "Adachi Asumu is a boy who is almost done with middle school. During a trip to his relatives, he meets a rather odd man just loosely named Hibiki. When Asumu's cousin is kidnapped by the Makamou, ancient monsters who threaten people, the oddball Hibiki saves the day in his true form, an Oni, field agents of the Makamou extermination group Takeshi. From that day on, Asumu follows Hibiki's steps as well as his co-workers at Takeshi, the young yet wise Ibuki and the courageous rookie Todoroki. 2005 is definitely quite a year for Adachi Asumu in this action-packed drama.\n\n—ultimatefanboy")
("My Son-In-Law's Woman", "Lee Jin Sook is a speaker on family happiness. However, she has a sad past. Years ago, she was kicked out of the house by her mother-in-law and was forced to be separated from her newborn daughter. She remarried, and when her second husband died 5 years later, she brought up her two young stepdaughters like her own. She was against the marriage when her youngest stepdaughter Oh Yeong Chae wanted to marry Kim Hyeon Tae, a rookie boxer and an orphan, but she relented. When Yeong Chae, who was involved in a hit-and-run accident, died after giving birth to a son, Jin Sook blamed and hated her son-in-law. After Yeong Chae's death, Hyeon Tae and his son stayed together with Jin Sook and treated her like his mother. When she saw how Hyeon Tae took care of his son, her attitude towards him changed. Now she treats Hyeon Tae like her real son. One day, Hyeon Tae falls in love with a woman named Park Soo Kyeong. Jin Sook, who is unhappy with Soo Kyeong, finds out that Soo Kyeong is her real daughter. Although she is eager to reunite with Soo Kyeong, she is in a dilemma as Soo Kyeong hates her birth mother for abandoning her. Hyeon Tae finally marries Soo Kyeong, but it also causes conflicts.")
('Bicheonmu', "Jin Ha is a warrior who has mastered his family's Bichun martial arts. He falls in love with So Lee.")
("Bachelor's Vegetable Store", "Based on the true story of a young man who turned a tiny vegetable shop into a national chain, Bachelor's Vegetable Store centers on the love lives and successes of six single young men. Ji Chang Wook is a talented young man with big dreams who finds himself falling in love. Complications ensue when Chang Wook's friend, a wealthy heir who grew up without a father, comes to work at the shop and falls for a spoiled young heiress, who is drawn to Chang Wook instead. Pop singer Ji Hyuk, model Sung Ha, and musical actor Shin Won Ho round out the quartet of good-looking bachelors who work together and struggle with life, love, and their careers in this heartwarming, rags-to-riches story.")
("Jung Hae In's Travel Log", 'Actor Jung Hae In is hosting his version of the documentary Backpack Travels in New York. He travels around the city, joined by his fellow actors Eun Jong Gun and Lim Hyun Soo, as they show their unexpected chemistry.')
('The Woman Who Still Wants to Marry', "A follow-up of sorts to the hit 2004 drama The Woman Who Wants to marry , this refreshing, breezy, entirely modern drama depicts the loves and friendships of three women as they each go through turning points in their lives. Comedic, witty, and addicting, The Woman Who Still Wants to Marry is a little like a Korean take on Sex and the City or Friends , and is led by a cast of appealing, charismatic actors. Park Jin Hee, a film and drama star most recently seen as the female lead in hit drama Money War (2007), takes the lead role as a woman unwilling to sacrifice her career for love. Wang Bit Na is her sophisticated, successful best friend and Uhm Ji Won is a high school classmate whom she runs into by accident. Rising star Kim Bum ( Boys Before Flowers ) rounds out the cast as a musician who falls for Jin Hee's older woman character. Shin Young (played by Jin Hee) has never been able to find success in love after breaking up with her fiance for the sake of her career. When her latest boyfriend proposes, she gladly accepts - only to find him with another woman later that night. Giving up on love, she sees another woman screaming at her boyfriend for dumping her - Jung Da Jung (Uhm Ji Won), who is a top interpreter but naive and unskilled in love. When the two realize they are old high school classmates, they quickly bond, and their trio is rounded out by Shin Young's best friend who is a successful restaurant consultant but jaded and cynical about love. With charming, stubborn gifted musician Ha Min Jae (Kim Bum) falling for Shin Young and doctor Na Ban Suk (Choi Chul Ho) becoming involved in all their lives, sparks begin to fly, and the women will need each other's help and support as they face the 30-something life with wit, humor, and sometimes something less than grace.")
('7th Grade Civil Servant', 'A romantic comedy about a spy couple who hides their true identity from each other and at the same time illustrates about the love, friendship and internal department conflicts between the new generation of national intelligence agents.')
('Home for Summer', "A drama about a couple's marriage being threatened by them falling in love with other people.")
('Unexpected Business', 'A variety show in which Cha Tae Hyun and Jo In Sung transform into the bosses of a supermarket. The show will give these two men, who have lived their whole lives in the city, a chance to experience life in the countryside. They will blend into the neighborhood and experience the ups and downs of operating a supermarket that is busy at times and quiet at other times. A key point of the show is the beautiful landscapes in the countryside, as well as a look into the diverse needs of the people who come to the supermarket. (Source: Soompi)')
("God's Quiz", 'The medical team, at Hankuk University, assists the law with suspicious deaths and rare diseases.')
("A Thousand Days' Promise", "A heart wrenching drama about a woman fighting to keep her dignity while dealing with her Alzheimer's. Can she accept help from her lover, even in the face of disgrace?")
('Super Zach', 'When someone is in trouble in Storia Town, Super Zach jumps into action. Super Zach is a little superhero powered by food energy. When he eats his mother\'s food, he gains "Super Yum-Yum Power". With his amazing abilities, he saves Storia Town,thwarting the plans of the mischievous Dr. Leo.\n\n—CJ ENM Corporation')
('The Merchant: Gaekju 2015', 'Many great men come from humble beginnings. During the end of the tumultuous Chosun Dynasty, Chun Bong Sam is a poor peddler who inherits a run-down inn. Through hard work and perseverance against a corrupt bureaucracy, Bong Sam achieves great success and becomes a powerful merchant. Can he help shape the way that industry and business should be done in the emerging modern era?\n\n—Burly.')
('Sign', "Go Da Kyung is an eager rookie investigator who gets paired with the famous forensic doctor, Yoon Ji Hoon. They initially clash due to their different styles of investigation as well as their opposing personalities - Da Kyung's energetic nature is a source of irritation for the prickly Ji Hoon - but later develop a complex relationship as the two strive to uncover the truth through science.\n\n—MyDramaList")
('Life Is Beautiful', 'The story of a Korean family living on Jeju Island, viewed through the eyes of its multiple generations.')
('Kamen Rider Fourze', 'A high school student uses a mysterious belt to fight the Zodiarts, who plot to take over the world.')
('Sweet Secrets', 'Sung-Woon is the self-centered director of a fashion company. After falling in love with a goodhearted single-mother, Sung-Woon reevaluates his priorities in life.')
('Dating Agency: Cyrano', "A young lady Moo Jin(Jong hyeon Hong) joins an agency that makes secret admirer's dreams come true.They never fail to lure their clients's crushes into their arms.Min Shik(Seong Woo Bae) the leader and brains of Cyrano Agency that was once a theatre,Ah Rang(Yoon Woo Jo) a live high school student and Min gyo Kim(Yong dal) the silent teen behind the tech.Unfortunately there lives a Chef close to them who has a double personality,does he want to take the agency down or help it?")
('Just Dance', "Drama will tell the story of girls in Geoje Girl's Vocational High School, who dream different dreams while preparing to get a job in a shipyard where restructuring recently started. Although their grades are low, their efforts in trying be better dancers are unlimited.")
('Eccentric! Chef Moon', 'The drama is a healing romantic comedy that follows the live and love of a star chef Moon Seung-mo and a reckless famous fashion designer Yoo Yoo-jin after they meet each other at Seoha Village.')
('Bernard', 'Meet this curious polar bear that travels around the world learning about us. If anything can go wrong for him - it will go from bad to worse.')
('Happy Together', "Happy Together is a hugely successful melodrama that tells the heart-wrenching story of five siblings whose lives are irrevocably changed by the tragic death of their parents. Tae Poong is a professional baseball player, who just so happens to be one of the orphaned children, now all grown-up. It seems three of the children were taken away, but for some reason, Suh Tae Poong and his younger sister were left behind. Due to Tae Poong's young age, his little sister had to be given up for adoption. Ever since, the kind-hearted Tae Poong has longed to bring the family back together, searching his whole life for his brother and three sisters. However, the reunion won't be quite what he expected!\n\n—Anonymous")
('Treehouse Detectives', 'Two Bears in a treehouse solve cases around their forest to help their animal friends.')
('Kamen Rider Kiva', 'Living a Shut-in for most of his life, 22 year old Wataru Kurenai seeks to fulfill his dream of surpassing his late father in crafting a amazing violen while also protecting the world from the Fangire. The show also flashes back and forth to the year 1986 to reveal the back story of his father and his battles with the Fangire.\n\n—Alex Mulford')
('Nang rang 18 seh', 'Two children are promised to each other by their families, yet lose touch shortly after that and only meet again 18 years later. Despite clashing personalities, they give marriage a shot hoping to make it work and that love will follow.')
('Ojakgyo Brothers', 'The Hwangs and their four sons have been living in Ojakgyo Farm for ten years when Baek Ja Eun, daughter of the former owner, arrives at their front step staking a claim to the property, throwing their lives into disarray.')
('Partner', '"Who is your partner?" When you take a look at the definition of \'Partner\', it gives you synonyms such as colleague, sharer, spouse and accomplice. A partner is a person who is strongly associated with me; the one who knows me very well and stays by my side. The word \'Partner\' takes a different meaning when it is used in a law firm. Partners are the people who survived the power struggle. They are executives who are on the top of the law firm pyramid. Enterprises are law firm\'s partners. Law firms fight each other to become a partner in the business. They struggle to be close to power and to become a slave of money. There are some lawyers who want to be the partners of commoners as well. They are willing to be the spokesperson for the underprivileged. It is a story about partner; the one who is going to stay by your side and fight together in front of law.\n\n—KBS World')
('Special Labor Inspector Jo', 'The series follows the story of a civil servant who is appointed as a labor inspector in the Ministry of Employment and Labor.')
('Endless Love', "A drama about Korean politics and financial situations in the 1970-1990s through the life of a woman. After a traumatic past of witnessing her mother's death, Seo In Ae grows up as an ambitious woman with a sharp mind who knows how to grab people's hearts, while still holding hope to avenge her mother someday. Since childhood, her life has been entangled with two opposite-personalities brothers from poor fisherman family, Han Kwang Hoon and Han Kwang Chul. Kwang Hoon is the elder brother and an ambitious man. Kwang Chul has never stopped loving In Ae, who is his older brother's lover.")
('Will It Snow at Christmas?', "Cha Kang Jin is the son of barmaid, Cha Chun Hee. His life is difficult as he gets into fights and has to watch other people push his mother around yet he can't do anything to stop it. He meets Han Ji Wan when they were teens but they weren't able to continue their relationship as Ji Wan ran away after her older brother's death. He meets Ji Wan 8 years later when he's attending her engagement ceremony to Park Tae Joon. However, he is heartbroken as Ji Wan pretends to not remember him at all.")
('Splendid Politics', 'Hwajung: Princess of Light')
('Ms. Perfect', "Ko So Yung (a beloved 90's teen idol making her comeback after ten years) and Yoon Sang Hyun (Shopping King Louis, Ms. Temper and Nam Jung Gi) star in a comedy mystery that proves that no matter how hard we try to be perfect, life has a a way of throwing chaos our way. When a dutiful wife and loving mother realizes that she has lost a sense of who she is, the fates provide a murderously good way for her to find herself. Shim Jae Bok (Ko So Yung) is a legal assistant and mother of two. She can't stand it when things are unfair. She also hates the people who look down on her because she is a working ahjumma (older woman). Plus, she's got a temper that would make sailors blush. Still, Shim Jae Bok puts up with all the condescension and false flattery around her. That is because Shim Jae Bok's life is not about her; it's about her family, and the future of her kids depends on her bowing her head and staying respectful. This means that Shim Jae Bok even puts up with the the fact that her husband Goo Jung Hee (Yoon Sang Hyun) is having an affair with the much younger Jung Na Mi (Im Se Mi from Shopping King Louis). Plus, her boss from hell Kang Bong Goo (Sung Joon from Hyde, Jekyll and I), tells her she is out of a job. Her life is in a tailspin, and then something miraculous happens. Shim Jae Bok receives an offer for an apartment from Lee Eun Hee (Jo Yeo Jung from Divorce Lawyers in Love), an offer that is way too good to be true. Suddenly, the miracle becomes a disaster. The eccentric ahjumma finds herself in the middle of a murder mystery. All the chaos in her life comes full circle, and Shim Jae Bok realizes that someone is destroying her life, piece by piece. Now, our ahjumma has to regain her true self--the kind who fights injustice and doesn't tolerate nonsense--in order to save what she has left. But when you have spent years pretending to be perfect, is it even possible to be yourself? Also known as Perfect Wife, Ms. Perfect is directed by Hong Seuk Ku (Golden")
('Canimals', 'Modern day urban pixies - mischievous, adventurous and inquisitive. They love to play and create innocent mayhem.')
('God of Study', 'Kang Suk Ho is an ordinary lawyer who decides to take up a job at the nearby high school. After seeing the conditions of the school and the poor grades all the students have, Suk Ho decides to create a special class promising admission to the most prestigious college in Korea, "Chun- Ha-Dae University." Five of the most laziest students [Hwang Baek Hyun, Gil Pul Ip, Na Hyun Jung, Hong Chan Doo, and Oh Bong Goo.], join the class to in order to provethat they can do it with hard work and dedication.\n\n—Lee Joon Woo')
('Risky Romance', 'Risky Romance is a medical drama about a surgeon and an endocrinologist.')
('Secrets and Lies', "Han Woo Jung is a bright, happy person. After she's betrayed by her best friend Shin Hwa Kyung, her life is ruined. However, despite this all, she continues pursuing her dreams and never loses hope.")
('Punch', "Yu Bin's brother dies in a boxing match. Yu Bin decides to become a female boxer. Yu Bin meets Han Sae and the two become a couple.")
('Friends', 'A Japanese male tourist and a South Korean female film student become friends in Hong Kong. Before heading back to their respective countries, they promise to meet again without knowing what fate has in store for them.')
('Ex-Girlfriend Club', "Song Ji Hyo (Emergency Couple, My Wife's Having an Affair This Week) and Byun Yo Han (Six Flying Dragons) star in a romantic comedy about the ghost of boyfriend past not-so-magically appearing to haunt an ambitious woman's future. Kim Soo Jin (Song Ji Hyo) is a career-oriented producer at a film company that is quickly sinking into the abyss of bankruptcy. In order to save her company, she must take drastic measures -- and perhaps the most drastic of them all is adapting a film version of a webtoon by a popular but divisive writer. Bang Myung Soo (Byun Yo Han) is a young artist who has based his comic entirely on his ex-girlfriends. The intimate details of his personal life, that he has now made nationally-known household facts, has made Myung Soo something of a cross between beloved heartthrob and public enemy. It is this controversy the film company hopes to cash in on. There's just one problem: Kim Soo Jin happens to be one of those ex-girlfriends. Now, in order to make the movie, our beloved filmmaker must put her feelings aside and interact with not just her increasingly irritating ex, but also those former exes he is writing about that have once again popped up. These ladies, all former girlfriends of Myung Soo's, are older wealthy divorcee Na Ji Ah (Tree With Deep Roots actress Jang Ji Eun), the very chic and successful investment firm member Jang Hwa Young (Dream High alum Lee Yoon Ji), and airhead C-lister actress Ra Ra (Age of Youth and Descendants of the Sun's Ryu Hwa Young). Can Soo Jin make peace and learn what makes those characters tick in time to save her sinking ship of a company, or will this battle of the exes become a real-life fight club? Ex-Girlfriend Club is directed by Kwon Seok Jang, the proven-for-success director behinds favorites such as Miss Korea and Pasta, and has been written by Lee Jin Mae, who last wrote a spy caper with Let's Fight Ghost actress Lee Soo Kyung. First script reading for the series took place in March 2015 at the CJ E")
('Hundred Year Inheritance', '"Cinderella" tale, unrequited love.')
('Bravo My Life', "A heady drama producer, an assistant director, and an actor who hasn't debuted after seven years in the industry navigate the world of television drama production.")
('Maids', 'Set in the Joseon Dynasty, three women learn what love means as they try to navigate through the class system and survive. In Yup is a beautiful noblewoman who becomes a servant overnight when her father is framed and labeled a traitor. She ends up falling in love with a fellow servant, Moo Myung, while working for the royal family, and becomes friends with her own handmaiden Sa Wol thanks to their shared experiences. Meanwhile Ga Hee is the most famous gisaeng of the city but with her own aspirations for romance. She falls in love with Moo Myung, but what can she do when his heart lies elsewhere?')
('I jukilnomui sarang', "A young boxer becomes a bodyguard to the actress responsible for his brother's attempted suicide. She falls in love with him, unaware of his true identity or his plans for revenge.")
('Lovers in Bloom', 'Moo Goong Hwa is a former boxer. After the death of her husband, she has raised her daughter alone. She now works as a police officer. Cha Tae Jin is an elite police officer who graduated from the police university. He is full of justice.')
('Zak Storm', 'Zak Storm is about Zak, a young teen who, when in the middle of a surfing competition, gets sucked into the Seven Seas of the Bermuda Triangle, and becomes the captain of a ship of misfits. He teams up with a magical talking sword named Calabrass, which allows him to power up into various protective armors with weapons that help him face the numerous perils of the land.\n\n—internet')
('Tayo, the Little Bus', 'In a big city where various vehicles are happily living together, our little bus Tayo has just started learning his route in the city. There is lots more to learn for Tayo. Tayo and his friendly friends Rogi, Lani and Gani are helping each other to become great mature buses.\n\n—THX--1138')
('Queen Insoo', 'Three women struggle with one another as each vies for power in the royal court of the Joseon Dynasty.')
('Hieoro', "Korea's top reporters and ordinary citizens fighting against the inequalities between society's masses and its very elite.")
('King Geunchogo', "The story of King Geunchogo, warrior king of Baekje. Under his reign, the kingdom experienced its glory days, with military conquests that saw him controlling most of the Korean peninsula and a subsequent enhancement of political power that reached its greatest height in Baekje's history.\n\n—DramaWiki")
('Vampire Prosecutor', 'Head Prosecutor, Min Tae-yeon, was bitten by a vampire. Now he uses his new supernatural powers to solve crime.')
("Sangdoo, Let's Go to School!", "International singer/actor Jung Ji Hoon (Runaway: Plan B), better-known as Rain, stars in Sang Doo, Let's Go to School!, one of his first dramas. Joining him is Gong Hyo Jin (Pasta) who is renowned as one of the queens of romantic comedies. These two stars' chemistry sparks in this unique love story that tells the unfortunate tale of Cha Sang Doo and his long-lost childhood love, Chae Eun Hwan. Dealing with such problems as wrongful imprisonment, single fatherhood, and enrolling in high school as an adult, Sang Doo is a man with many problems just trying to make ends meet. Sang Doo and Eun Hwan spent their childhood as best friends, but after an unfortunate accident, Sang Doo was separated from his love. Years later, Sang Doo becomes a gigolo to pay his sick daughter's medical bills. By chance, he finds Eun Hwan, who is now working as a high-school math teacher. In an attempt to regain her love, Sang Doo re-enrolls, hoping to win her over.")
('Feast of the Gods', 'Set within the backdrop of a traditional royal cuisine restaurant named Arirang, two women grow as chefs through competitions with each other, either in love or life.')
('The Greatest Marriage', 'While the love lives and marriages of those around her unfold, a famous news anchor makes the controversial choice to become a single mother.')
('Tamagotchi!', 'Follows the lives of Mametchi and his friends as they progress through each day in TamaTown.')
('Which Star Are You From', 'Movie director Choi Seung-hee catches sight of a young lady that mysteriously looks like his dead girlfriend. Struck by the resemblance, he cannot help but to follow her.')
('Secret Mother', "Kim Yoon Jin was once a psychiatrist, who quit her job to care for her husband and son. She previously had a daughter who died. Yoon Jin carries a sense of guilt over her daughter's death. Moreover, she is worried about her son how is about to enter a university. She then decides to hire a mysterious expert to help her son enter a good university.")
('Cinderella Man', "When brash, street-smart orphan Oh Dae San, who makes his living copying designer fashions, and the apathetic grandson of the fashion empire Lee Joon Hee meet by chance one day, the two men realize that they look exactly alike and in that, they see a chance to set each other free. Pressured by his stepbrother and stepmother to give up his rights to his grandmother's business, Joon Hee wants to investigate his family background in secret, so he decides to hire Dae San to distract attention for a day. Dae San, initially resistant to the idea, has become involved in the financial difficulties of the daughter of a recently-deceased friend and will do anything to help her. What starts out as a one-day deal turns into something deeper and more complicated, as secrets arise about the real connection between them. Hallyu star Kwon Sang Woo ( Sad Love Story ) and Im Yoon Ah of top girl group Girls' Generation/SNSD star in this modern-day fairy tale.")
('The Blade and Petal', "In the final years of the Goguryeo kingdom, a deep unrest stirs within the court. General Yun Gae Soo Moon (Choi Min Soo), a voracious political player, sets his eyes on the throne, forcing King Young Ryu (Kim Young Chul) to hatch an assassination of the would-be military dictator. However, General Yun catches onto the plan and strikes with a bloody execution of the king and his council. Young Princess Moo Young (Kim Ok Bin) survives and vows to exact vengeance on the General one day, eventually becoming a spy who infiltrates his camp. However, the princess falters when she falls in love with Yun Choong (Uhm Tae Woong), the general's illegitimate son, who will do anything to be acknowledged by his distant father.")
('Saturday Night Live Korea', 'N/A')
('Manhole: Feel So Good', 'Bong Pil has been preparing for his civil servant examination for the past three years, but he is not enthusiastic about his studies. He wanders around neighborhoods. He then travel with his five friends between the past and present through a manhole in order to stop a wedding scheduled a week later.')
('Not Yet Thirty', '"Not Yet 30" follows the lives of three female friends in their 30\'s.')
('Friend, Our Legend', 'True friends watch out for one another and protect each other in difficult situations. Four childhood friends - Lee Joon Suk (Kim Min Joon), Han Dong Soo (Hyun Bin), Jung Sang Taek (Suh Do Young) and Lee Shi Un (Kim Joong Ho) - were inseparable while growing up and helped each other out of the petty scrapes and skirmishes as teenage delinquents in Pusan. But their delinquencies take a much more dangerous form in adulthood.')
('Swallow the Sun', "Shot on location everywhere from Las Vegas to Jeju Island to Africa and based on a novel by Kang Chul Hwa, Swallow the Sun is the story of Jung Woo, an orphaned child who grows up on the rough side of the streets and becomes a small-time hoodlum. When he saves the life of the rich and powerful president of a large corporation, things start to look up. The chairman sends Jung Woo to Seoul to look after the chairman's son, Tae Hyuk, who only wants one thing from him-to help him win the heart of a woman named Soo Hyun. Jung Woo will do anything to win favor with the President's family-unfortunately, the woman Tae Hyuk loves turns out to be Jung Woo's first love. Soo Hyun, who doesn't remember Jung Woo, finds herself gradually drawn to him as he pursues her under his master's name. After learning the devastating truth of his father's true identity, Jung Woo is sent on a whirlwind quest involving crime, love, and revenge, taking him from the glittering lights of Vegas to the diamond mines of Africa. Led by a cast of Korea's top stars, Swallow the Sun stars Ji Sung as the tormented hero, joined by Sung Yu Ri as the passionate, independent woman he falls for.")
('Hatchimals', 'The Hatchimals have adventures and learn life lessons in the land of Hatchopia.')
('Blazing Team: Masters of Yo Kwon Do', 'Trained by master Lao Shi, a band of teenage heroes united by the mysterious sacred art of Yo Kwon Do, must learn to reach their full potential as the forces of light and darkness become a constant and increasing threat to their society. While the teams goal is ultimately keep the two opposing forces in harmony, they learn quickly that the real battle often lies in themselves as they begin to struggle to avoid falling prey to the very natures they swore to keep in check.\n\n—Jut Tut')
('Persevere, Goo Hae-Ra', 'Goo Hae Ra is an aspiring musician and seeking stardom. She wishes to release the music of her deceased father but faces numerous obstacles. Hae Ra is then joined by twin brothers in her quest for stardom on "Superstar K2".')
('Monstar', 'Yoon Sul-Chan is the vocalist for the fictional group "Man in Black". He carries deep wounds within his mind, but doesn\'t express his feelings. Because of his hot temper, he causes trouble. His management company then orders him to carry himself as an ideal student. He joins a music band at school, while facing unexpected events.\n\n—MDL')
('A Day Before Us', 'An animated Korean drama revolving around four characters and their sweet love stories.')
("Girl's High School Mystery Class", "A mystery adventure series that features the mystery team's task to uncover suspicious events and secrets in a girls' high school.")
('Strong Heart', 'art talk show and part talk battle, each episode of the South Korean show broadcast on SBS features more than 20 celebrities or other guests sharing their fun or heart-breaking stories and personal experiences.')
('Let Me Introduce Her', 'Ji Eun Han loses her memory after a facial reconstruction surgery. Han Kang Woo is her plastic surgeon and helps her. She faces strange revelations during the process.')
('My Little Baby', 'Jung Han, a top murder squad detective in the special investigation bureau of violent crimes becomes the sole guardian of his 6-month-old niece, Eun Ae when his sister and her husband pass away unexpectedly.')
("Star's Lover", "Star's Lover is a warm-hearted tale of a woman being pursued by four men. When bookish university professor Kim Chul Soo runs out of money and is forced to accept help from his ex-girlfriend, he will do anything to pay her back. Opportunity knocks in the form of a ghostwriting offer from the management agency of Lee Ma Ri, the most popular actress in Korea. Caught between his convictions and his need for money, Chul Soo reluctantly agrees. The travel diary he writes under Ma Ri's name becomes an instant bestseller, but it ends up bringing her some unwanted attention from a famous photographer. Afraid she'll be discovered for not writing the book, Ma Ri commissions Chul Soo to coach her in Japanese culture and travel as more suitors fall into place. Ma Ri and Chul Soo grow closer, and soon Ma Ri finds herself caught between four men.")
('Hide and Seek', "The drama explores the fate of the heiress to the nation's largest cosmetics conglomerate, and a woman who had to live that life in her stead, as well as the desires and secrets surrounding the two women.")
('Thousand Years of Love', "More than a thousand years ago from the present time, Puyeoju is the Baek Jae Empire's princess. Unlike other princesses, she is active and skilled in the arts and in sports. When the Baek Jae Empire crumbles due to a spy, Kum Hwa, she runs away with her bodyguard General Guishil Ari and falls in love with him in the meanwhile. The new conqueror Kim Yu Suk is also in love with the princess, but only receives hate in return. In a desperate attempt to win her, he kills Ari, but the princess runs away and jumps off a cliff to kill herself. While falling, she travels more than one thousand years into the future, which is our present time of 2003. Only she remains to be who she was, and she encounters Ari to be an aimless fashion designer Kang In Chul with a warm heart and bad temper. Although, he is annoyed at her ignorance of the present world, he comes to fall in love with the princess again. Fujiwara Tatsuji is the son of the Fujiwara dynasty, and once again is mysteriously attracted to the princess. Only she knows the past that holds all three of them together, but will things become an exact replica of the situation back then?")
('The Great Seer', 'The story set in the late Goryeo Dynasty in which a group of Feng Shui advisers to the government authorities help the hero Lee Sung Gye become the first king of the Joseon Dynasty.')
('Bolts & Blip', 'Bolts and Blip are two oddball best friend Civi-bots living on the Moon in a culture dominated by cool and athletic Battle-bots who play in the coveted Lunar League of Robotic Sports. When Bolts and Blip suddenly get drafted on to the last placed Thunderbolts team, the duo, along with their new found friends, has to match wits with the likes of The Iron Maidens, The Tread Heads, and the unstoppable Galaxy All-Stars, all while trying to fit in and make names for themselves in their new world.\n\n—Thom Chapman')
('Haeundae Lovers', "Hardcore prosecutor Lee Tae Sung (Kim Kang Woo) takes a deep dive when he goes undercover to take down an infamous crime syndicate in Haeundae, Busan. Things are looking good for justice, up until Tae Sung loses his memory in an accident. In a turn of slapstick comedy, Tae Sung, now convinced he's a gangster, sets to terrorizing the waterfront town in true form, eventually falling for the ultimate mob princess Go Sora (Jo Yeo Jeong): a former kingpin's daughter.")
('Dibo the Gift Dragon', 'Meet Dibo, a kindhearted dragon with a love of learning, friendship, and magical adventure!')
("Yoo-Na's Street", 'Yoo-Na is a unrepentant professional pickpocket with a long rap sheet. Chang-Man is poor and unemployed but aspires to be a social worker. After the two become friends, Yoo-Na tries to turn over a new leaf in life.')
('The Airport Diary', 'Small plane Winky dreams of seeing the world while meeting friends at the airport, including the transport plane Gugu and the private jet Force King.')
('Coffee, Please', "This fantasy romantic-comedy that revolves around Lee Seul Bi, a chubby girl, who becomes beautiful after drinking magical coffee and a handsome webtoon artist who doesn't believe in love until he meets Lee Seul Bi.")
('Jessica & Krystal', "A look into the private lives of the Jung sisters, SNSD's Jessica and Fx's Krystal.")
('Love Letter', "Lee Woo-Jin, also known as Andrew (Jo Hyeon-Jae), became an orphan at a young age and ended up living with his abusive aunt. He faithfully prays that one day God will save him from his hardships. His prayers are answered when his uncle, Father Pedro (Son Hyun-Joo), comes to rescue him from his dismal environment. Father Peter raises Andrew into a promising young man. As a gentle and optimistic high school kid, Andrew meets Jo Eun-Ha (Soo-ae) and sympathizes with her as both of them share the common experience of losing their parents. Andrew's genuine and delicate concern for Eun-Ha brings their friendship to the brink of love. However, they must remain only friends as Andrew reveals to her his wish to become a priest. Upon graduating from high school, both Andrew and Eun-Ha are accepted into medical school in Seoul. Andrew meets Jung Woo-Jin (Ji Jin-Hee). Both of them have the same given name and soon become great friends. Meanwhile, Jung Woo-Jin starts to have feelings for Eun-Ha and tries his best to charm her. As Andrew's two best friends gradually become closer and closer, he feels an emptiness and realizes for the first time that he has lost his heart to Eun-Ha...\n\n—yesasia.com")
('The Thorn Birds', 'Two strong women clash and overcome incredible obstacles in their pursuit of love and happiness.')
('20th Century Boy and Girl', 'The friendship and love lives of three single virgins born in 1983. The boy they liked in their youth shows up one day when they live in rundown apartments. They discover the meaning of home, family, and friendship.')
('Top Star Yoo Baek', "Yoo Baek is a former idol group member. He is now a popular singer and actor. He doesn't try to be a good guy to attract people. Yoo Baek is self-centered and he is brutally honest to others even if it hurts them. He makes big trouble for himself and travels to a faraway island to getaway. There, he meets warm people on the island including Oh Kang Soon. She runs a small supermarket and also dives to pick abalone and sea mustard. She is physically a very strong woman.")
('Stars Falling from the Sky', "The drama draws a love story between two co-workers at an insurance company, with Kim Ji Hoon playing the company's whip-smart lawyer. Because he carries the hurt of having been abandoned by his birth mother, he doesn't easily open his heart to others. Jin Pal Kang (Choi Jung Won) is a 25-year-old employee of the company who becomes responsible for her five younger adopted siblings after her parents meet with sudden deaths.\n\n—DramaWiki")
('Linus & Boom', 'The day-to-day of a bunch of kids (12 years old) in a Sci-Fi universe.')
('Coffee Friends', 'A variety show that follows Yoo Yeon Seok and Son Ho Jun as they run a cafe in a tangerine farm on Jeju Island, with their profits being donated to charity.')
('A New Leaf', 'An infamous lawyer who loses his memory in an accident but not his skills and talent in deductive reasoning.')
('One Sunny Day', 'Follows the story of a man who goes to Jeju Island and meets a new person.')
('The King of Dramas', "Untypical Korean drama plot with 'no melodrama' about putting together an untypical Korean drama with no melodrama. Fast-paced and full of twists, revenge, greed and fun.")
('Ice Adonis', 'Stories and triangles revolving around the revenge of a woman who lost everything.')
('Midas', 'Kim Do-hyun (Jang Hyuk), smart and ambitious lawyer, was in relationship with Lee Jung-yeon (Lee Min-jung). The peaceful relationship soon ran into problem when Do-hyun was lured into the world of hedge fund and money greed.')
('Happy If You Died', "Baek Jin Sang is Lee Roo Da's boss and he works as a team leader of a company. The team members, including Lee Roo Da, do not like him at all. He is mean and arrogant to the employees. He always believes he is right. On the night of April 14th, Lee Roo Da has a dream of her boss being hit by a truck. The next morning she wakes up and finds that it is still April 14th.")
('Empress Myeongseong', 'The life of Empress Myeongseong, the first official wife of King Gojong, the 26th king of the Joseon dynasty, who opposed the Japanese expansion overseas.')
('Delicious Proposal', "All's fair in love and war - and in competition between rival Chinese food restaurants. Kim Hyo Dong (Jung Joon) is the son of a Chinese restaurant owner who strives to serve the best Chinese food in the neighborhood.")
('On the Way to the Airport', 'N/A')
("Let's Eat Dinner Together", "The program is like a documentary series about the dinner search's journey of two men, Lee Kyung Kyu and Kang Ho Dong. For each episode, they must execute the same mission, to find dinner.")
('Seoul 1945', 'A drama that takes place during turbulent times in Korea, spanning from the end of the Japanese occupation to the eventual split of the country into North and South. The story revolves around the lives of four young adults who grew up together. Choi Oon Hyuk is a child prodigy born into a family of poor miners; Kim Hae Kyung is the eldest daughter of tenant farmers; Lee Dong-Woo is the heir to a wealthy, well-connected family; and Moon Suk Kyung is the only child of an affluent and powerful political ally of Japan. In a blend of personal choices and circumstances beyond their control, each individual embarks on different paths that reflect the chaotic nature of the time as well as their true character. As their paths collide, love, friendship, loyalty, vengeance, moral conscience, and ideology become driving forces to irrevocably change the course of their lives.')
('Poseidon', "This action packed thriller follows a covert Marines unit that once trailed Choi Hee Gon, maritime kingpin of a notorious crime syndicate. Team leader Kwon Jung Ryool was forced to abort his mission after Hee Gon slayed his wife and all the loved ones of the team's original members. Stranded, Kim Sun Woo, Jung Ryool's trusted young agent, has remained undercover. Years later, with Poseidon's reputation and credibility wrecked, Jung Ryool summons Sun Woo from the underworld and together, they set out to take down Hee Gon once and for all. More than a pretty face, Lee Soo Yoon joins the new team as a corporal who is not to be tampered with. An energetic series, Poseidon showcases Lee Si Young's real-life boxing skills.")
('Sweet Enemy', 'Oh Dal Nim is falsely accused of murder. She decides to take revenge on those responsible for her misery')
('The Master of Revenge', 'When Moo-Myung was young, he had an once-in-a-lifetime event. He walked into orphanage by himself. To take revenge, he attempts to become a Master of Noodles.')
('Fluttering Warning', 'The story of a love that grows between childhood friends who are now an actress and a dermatologist who is popular with the ladies.')
('Spotlight', 'Oh Tae Suk, a supervisor in a news division, works with his junior reporter Seo Woo Jin to expose the injustices of society.')
('Namgogoedam', 'A late-night seance reveals the presence of a ghost haunting a class of 12th grade students in an all-boys school, impelling them to suspect each other.')
('Temptation of an Angel', 'Temptation of an Angel is a SBS Television series about an innocent man, Shin Hyun Woo, who found himself the victim of his wife, Joo Ah Ran, who almost killed him. He vowed vengeance and underwent plastic surgery to change his appearance, taking on a new identity as Ahn Jae Sung, with the help of Yoon Jae Hee. It was a male version of another series, Temptation of a Wife. It was stated that Bae Soo-bin as Shin Hyun Woo and Lee Soo-yeon as his wife would team up again for the MBC television series Dong Yi.\n\n—Wikipedia')
('Cross', 'A man becomes a doctor that uses medical practices to kill in order to get revenge on the person who brutally murdered his father.')
('Return', 'Choi Ja-Hye is a lawyer and Dokgo Young is a detective with a hot temper,but they must work together to solve a murder case in which the suspects are children from the elite class.')
('How to Buy a Friend', "Rumors surround Don Hyuk, a highly praised high school fighter, after his girlfriend's sudden suicide Plagued by the trauma he is quick to fight if someone even mentions her name, landing him in juvenile detention. After his release, he returns t school where he comes across a poem written by Chan Hong, a particularly average student who ha a knack for writing. Eventually, Don Hyuk discover a clue about his girlfriend's death and approaches Chan Hong to help him investigate, and in exchang he will serve as Chan Hong's personal bodyguard. This contractual relationship entangles them bot in a series of dramatic events as they try to uncover the truth behind the suicide.\n\n—tanishakarmakarslg")
('Missing: The Other Side', 'A village holds spirits of missing, deceased people. A search to find the missing bodies and discover the truth behind their disappearance occurs.')
('Taejo Wang Geon', 'This drama is about Emperor Wang Gun, the founder of the Goryo Dynasty.')
('Tazza', 'Go Ni suffers an incredible loss when his mother and stepfather die because of Young Min. He later ends up in jail where he meets people who will change his life forever. Go Ni learns from a top tazza player in hopes of getting revenge.')
("A Prince's First Love", 'The Story follows two young men and a young lady. The first is the son of a Millionair who only cares about himself. The second is the owner of a large company. He too of course is quit rich. The young lady is a poor girl who works at a sandwich shop. Fate brings these three together.\n\n—Benjamin Wirtz')
('Miss Panda & Hedgehog/Pan-da-yang-gwa Go-seum-do-chi', 'Pan Da Yang is as sweet and lovable as her name suggests, and she owns a small bakery called Panda Café. She hires a new pastry chef, Ko Seung Ji, whose name sounds like "hedgehog" and has a prickly personality to match. As the clashing duo churn out sweet desserts, they try to compete against a national franchise Cake Company that happens to be owned by Panda\'s first love. Whose desserts will reign supreme?')
('You and I', "Park Jae Chul is an old sailor and a father to three sons and one daughter, Dong Kyu (the eldest), Young Kyu, Sang Ok and Min Kyu (youngest). Dong Kyu is a working man and carries the responsibility as the eldest in his family. He's in love with Yoon Su Kyung (his co-worker). They work together to overcome all difficulties to get married. Young Kyu dreams of nothing but money and marrying a rich girl one day. While serving in the military, he tricked a naive country girl Mi Sook, promising to marry her. Mi Sook becomes blinded by love and provided all his needs. Sang Ok is the only girl in the family. She's a college student. Their youngest Min Kyu is a quiet and introverted son. He distances himself from his family and people because he's troubled by the fact that he's from another mother. Though he's a talented painter, he doesn't use his talent much. His brother Young Kyu and the rich girl Shi Yeon always stand by his side and push him to be better.\n\n—Anonymous")
('Beautiful My Lady', 'Jun Ho is an orphan from young and grew up in the world alone. Never knowing kindness from people, he learned to survive on pure grit and determination. By chance, he was given an opportunity to fight in the boxing ring, where he started to gain glory and money. Seon Yeong loses her husband to tragic circumstances shortly after their wedding. Things change when she meets ambitious boxer Jun Ho, and their miraculous first meeting brings hope to them both. However her parents object to them because of his boxing profession and his past.\n\n—Anonymous')
('Glory Jane', "Young Kwang is a second-string baseball player struggling to support his family. Seo In Woo is his lifelong rival, a first-string player and the son of a wealthy businessman. After both men are injured on the same day, they are rushed to the hospital and meet beautiful, bubbly nurse Yoon Jae In. Connecting over their lifelong struggles with poverty, Young Kwang and Jae In develop a strong connection, but a web of secrets about Jae In's past soon plagues their budding relationship, not to mention that In Woo is also after her heart. Will Jae In be able to find true love despite her complicated past?")
('Shik-gaek', 'Talented chefs Bong Joo and Sung Chan were raised like brothers after Sung Chan was orphaned and taken in by Bong Joo\'s family. Bong Joo\'s family owns a famous traditional Korean restaurant and claims descent from the last royal chef of the Joseon Dynasty. Bong Joo assumes that as the eldest, he will be the one to take over his family\'s restaurant and marry Joo Hee when his father makes a surprising announcement about a special cooking contest! Sung Chan is seen as a threat by some because of his youth, talent, creativity and non-conforming ways. Feeling sorry for him, Joo Hee tries to help him. Discovering the truth about their great-grandfather causes a crisis for Bong Joo, but he later becomes even more determined to be a success while Sung Chan decides to leave. Sung Chan becomes a food peddler, specializing in the freshest and best ingredients in traditional Korean cuisine. Will he ever become a chef again? Will they ever become united as "brothers"?\n\n—http://wiki.d-addicts.com')
('Three Days', "Three shots are fired and the president of South Korea suddenly goes missing from his vacation villa. Three Days is a condensed-time thriller that follows the struggles of elite Blue House bodyguard Han Tae Kyung (Park Yoo Chun) to find and protect the president. With the aid of local police officer Yoon Bo Won (Park Ha Sun) and fellow Blue House guards, will Han Tae Kyung be able to save the president before it's too late?")
('Blood Palace', 'A cruel story that depicts the battles between concubines within the royal palace who turn to the dark side in their bid to gain love and power from the king. It will center around the beautiful but evil royal concubine Jo So Yong (Kim Hyun Joo) as she tries to gain the attention of King In Jo (Lee Duk Hwa) with her beauty and wit to control the power of the Joseon. When she succeeds, there is a bloody battle over the power she receives. By birth she was of a lower class, but used her extraordinary beauty to get the favor of King In Jo and managed come between King In Jo and Crown Prince So Hyun (Jung Sung Woon).\n\n—D-Wiki')
('Madame Antoine', "A famous fortune teller who claims to be spiritually linked to Marie Antoinette and calls herself 'Madame Antoine' goes head-to-head with a cold psychotherapist who runs a clinic also by the name 'Madame Antoine' and aims to prove that true love doesn't exist.")
('Detectives of Seonam Girls High School', 'Five high school girls form an after school detective club and solve mysteries involving their classmates. Along the way, they learn lessons about life and deal with problems that modern high school girls face.')
('The Sons of Sol Pharmacy House', 'Song Jin Poong is the eldest of four sons and works hard to earn money to support his family. He is also a man who cannot forget his first love. His mother, Ok Hee, wants him to get married because he is already 38 years old. Ok Hee believes that her sons are great catches and any woman would be lucky enough to marry them, however, their neighbors feel differently as each son has an unique problem.')
('In Seoul', 'N/A')
('Scandal', 'A man loses his son when a building collapses. He finds out who killed his son and kidnaps the son of this man. When the son grows up, he learns that the man he believed to be his father was in fact a kidnapper. This is a story of revenge, and the life after with wound and restoration. A father who has killed a boy and a father who has kidnapped him: Ha Eun Joong, grows up as a detective, endlessly desperate between these 2 fathers. He walks into the whirlwind of the destiny wishing to find the truth about 2 fathers and a woman he loves.\n\n—Fraghera')
('The Beet Party', 'Five of the coolest Beets around are chilling in the fridge when something new and unexpected arrives on their shelf.')
('Hwangholhan Yiwoot: Enchanting Neighbor', 'Gong Soo Rae loved only her husband since she met him as a teenager. She then learns that her husband is having an affair with Choi Yi Kyung. One day Soo Rae meets a nice man next door.')
('Happy Together', 'Happy Together is a South Korean talk show which first ran on November 8, 2001 on KBS2. It was the most popular show on KBS from 2002-2003, and further continued its success in two more seasons.')
('Broke Rookie Star', 'A growing comedy-drama depicting the salty daily life of an idol who suffers from hardships despite rising to stardom.')
('Bamboo Bears', 'Bamboo-Lee, Dah-Lee and Slo-Lee are three bears with a goal: to save the world before more species become extinct. But can the bears stand up to the spineless villains behind Ratco Corporation?')
('Little Girl K', 'High school student, Yeon-jin, saw her mother killed before her. Her mother was involved with a severy group that created assassins. Yeon-jin then joins so she can plot her revenge against the organization.')
("The Queen's Classroom", 'Discord prevails in the classroom as sixth grade students struggle to meet the rigid expectations of their impassive teacher.')
('Sherlock Yack: Zoo-Detective', "Sherlock Yack is the zoo's manager as well as its detective. As soon as a crime is committed, he investigates with his young assistant, Hermione. With her help, he finds suspects, clues and proofs - while inviting the young viewer to lead the investigation and find the culprit at the same time.\n\n—Cameron Iacono")
('Idol Room', 'Find out all about your favorite K-pop idol groups. Hosted by the "idol experts", Jeong Hyeong-don and Defconn.')
('Bad Love', "Na In Jung struggles with her love between the rather cold and rebellious Yong Ki and a successful businessman, Soo Hwan. Kang Yong Ki is a pop culture artist. He was separated from his first love, Jo Ann, and still carries the wound that he suffered from their relationship. His half sister is Joo Ran who is married to Soo Hwan. Soo Hwan begins an affair with In Jung but he only has ambition for the CEO position of Yong Ki's father's company. Soon after he discovers that his ambition does not fill the emptiness that he has inside and realizes he needs In Jung. But In Jung and Yong Ki have already fallen in love with each other. Will In Jung go back to her first love or stay with Yong Ki?\n\n—D-Wiki")
('Goong s', "Winning the hand of the queen means becoming the future king. Queen Hwa In (Myung Se Bin) is the reigning queen but the fact that she is still single and has no heir concerns the imperial court. Although she has been in love with Alexander (Marc Andre Jourdan), her half-Korean, half-English professor from Oxford, she sacrificed her own happiness in order to do what's right for her people.")
('Mnet Asian Music Awards', 'The Mnet Asian Music Awards (abbreviated as MAMA) is a major South Korean music awards ceremony presented annually by entertainment company CJ E&M. The majority of prizes are awarded to K-pop artists, though some prizes are awarded to other Asian artists. The awards ceremony was first held in Seoul in 1999 and aired on Mnet. MAMA has been held outside of South Korea between 2010 and 2017 and now airs internationally. (Source: Wikipedia)')
('Ruby Ring', 'Two sisters- Runa bad Ruby- with very opposite personalities have a car crash and one sister decides to steal the face, life and love of the other sister.')
('The Legendary Witch', 'Soo In, Bok Nyeo, Pung Geum, and Mi Oh, are four female prisoners at a correctional facility who have been victims of a miscarriage of justice in different cases, which later turn out to have a common thread intertwined. They team up to challenge a big conglomerate in order to exact revenge. These four women forge a bond based on their common grievances and lean on each other for support. Though they are not related, they become a family of sisters.\n\n—MBC')
('My Beautiful Bride', 'One man does whatever it takes to find his missing fiancée, even if he has to get his hands dirty and fight his way through the underworld in the process.')
('Woman with a Suitcase', "A paralegal that has a reputation for getting things done meets a former prosecutor turned paparazzi owner who is trying to unravel the case that got him disbarred. She'll do whatever it takes to solve a case, which is just what he needs. Will the mega corp Oh Sung flatten them both, and will they fall in love?")
('Memory', "Park Tae Suk is a lawyer who finds out that he has Alzheimer's and puts his life on the line to fight one last case. The drama depicts his vigorous efforts trying to protect the precious value of the life and family love, while his memory starts fading away.")
('Fix and Foxi', 'Fix and Foxi are the likable boys from next door, and everyone would like to be friends with them. In their adventures, they never appear as super heroes but rather as confident, bold and often audacious ten-year-olds.')
('Pegasus Market', '"Cheap Cheonlima Mart" tells the story of employees at a falling-behind store where the staff is king, rather than the customer. While the manager tries to revive the mart, they\'re up against the "human bulldozer" boss that aims to ruin the store.')
('Left-Handed Wife', 'Lee Soo Ho and Oh San Ha are deeply in love. They have their wedding and go on a honeymoon. During their honeymoon, Soo Ho has an accident and loses his memory. Meanwhile, San Ha does not know what happened to her husband and tries to find him. A conspiracy lurks beneath.')
('My Unfortunate Boyfriend', "Yoo Ji Na (Yang Jin Sung) is a budding career woman who has absolutely no issues with lying to get what she wants. But when she falls for the innocent and naive Yoon Tae Woon (No Min Woo), who is truthful to a fault, their budding romance becomes a liability for Ji Na's cutthroat corporate job. Can these unlikely lovers stay true to themselves and manage to stay together?")
('Golden Time', 'The one hour you have to save a person\'s life after a traumatic injury is what emergency physicians call "golden time."')
('Secrets of Women', 'A woman who used to be as innocent as a white swan, turns into a black one to avenge her father and bring back her child that was taken from her.')
("I'm Sam", 'The story focuses on the conflicts between the young teachers and the problems that high school students have. Jang Yi San is a timid and incompetent homeroom teacher who has to teach the only daughter of a highly dangerous mob leader, Eun Byul. Eun Byul is a new student at MyungMoon High with little drive to succeed.\n\n—wiki')
('I Am Legend', "Seol Hee was the popular leader of a legendary rock band in high school, and she dreamed of a career in music. But when her parents pass away she gives up her dream and dedicates herself to putting her little sister through medical school. Taking a job at a law firm, she meets high-powered lawyer Cha Ji Wook and falls in love. Several years later, she's the wife of the firm's youngest partner, the daughter-in-law of a distinguished judge, and the envy of everyone. Ignored by her philandering husband, however, she is secretly unhappy and forced to put up a daily front as a society wife. When her in-laws refuse to let her donate bone marrow to her sick sister, it's the last straw. Divorcing her husband, she returns to her original dream, and begins reforming her high school band. Together, she and her friends pursue their dream, finding happiness and passion again through music.")
('Creating Destiny', "At the spur of the moment, young Han Sang Eun is uprooted from her home in Korea for a new life with her father in Austraila. Years later, having grown up in Australia and completed her law studies in the U.S., she has plans to marry her American boyfriend, fellow attorney Alex. But fate-also known as her father-has other plans in mind for her involving a match he's made for her in Korea. Before she knows it, she has struck a bargain with him and is off to spend a year in the country of her birth. Sang Eun intends to stay just a few weeks to placate her father in order to get his permission to marry Alex. However, the two families, based on a promise made in childhood, have always planned on their children marrying, and Sang Eun soon finds herself in over her head. Kim Yeo Joon, a prickly, stubborn doctor, is equally uninterested in her, but when the two find themselves in the same boat, they reluctantly join forces to outwit their families' plans.")
('Pink Lipstick', "Park Eun Hye, who rose to prominence inJewel in the Palace,Yi San and Taiwanese dramaSilence, brings her usual charm to this compelling daily drama. With strong ratings, Pink Lipstick'sstory of a good woman turned revenge-seeker against her cheating husband was picked up by a television network in Taiwan. It co-stars Park Kwang Hun (The Bean Chaff of My Life) and Lee Joo Hyun, who is probably best known as the charismatic detective inWhen It's at Night. Yoo Ga Eun (played by Park Eun Hye) is the kind of kind-hearted woman that everyone loves. After falling for Park Jung Woo (Lee Joo Hyun), she dates and then marries him. She has a perfect, happy life, especially after they adopt a daughter. One day, however, she discovers that her husband had an affair with her best friend Mi Ran (Seo Yoo Jung), and that her adopted daughter is the product of that liason. Shaken to the core, Ga Eun sets out on a course that proves that even nice women, when betrayed, can enact justice on those who hurt them. Leaving Jung Woo and taking her life in her own hands, she marries wealthy businessman Maeng Ho Geol as part of a carefully-constructed revenge plan. When a man named Ha Jae Bum (Park Kwang Hyun) unexpectedly enters her life, he may be just the one to offer her the love that her husband didn't - but can she learn to trust again? And when Jae Bum promises to support her no matter what, will she have to sacrifice him to gain revenge? Meanwhile, her ex-husband and scheming best friend discover that the woman they always took for granted has more to her than meets the eye...")
('Z-Squad', 'Z-Squad chronicles the adventures of schoolgirls-turned-superheroes Chaney, Haemi, and Jeanie and their newfound, cuddly alien counterparts (Zoots) as they search for 144 enchanted crystals and save Earth and Z-Nation from a cast of bumbling baddies.\n\n—Marlene Sharp')
('Soul', "Ha-Na and Doo-Na were twin sisters who were very close to each other until Doo-Na died a terrible death. One day, the usually bright and energetic Ha-Na finds herself changing. She has superhuman strength and can do things that nobody can. Ha-Na realizes that Doo-Na's spirit has inhabited her body. Shin-Ryu, a criminal psychoanalyst, uses Ha-Na's powers to take revenge on those who cannot be punished by the law.")
('Dreamkix', 'Roy is part of an up-and-coming soccer team trying to make its way into the Dream League. Together, they become friends and overcome their athletic challenges to be the best team in the league.')
('Vampire Idol', 'Young Vampire prince, from Vampire planet visits earth to see live performance of his favorite Idol contender, and remains stuck there with his three trusted and loyal servants. He then decides to join competition himself.')
('Wonderful Life', 'The story of Xu Tian who suffers big blows both in his love and work life. When he decides to leave America, where he has been living for 10 years, and returns to his home country, luck is not on his side.')
('Person Who Gives Happiness', 'N/A')
("Girls' Generation and the Dangerous Boys", "Girls' Generation meets up with five trouble making boys. They split into teams and try to make each of the boys become more respectable.")
('Pretty Rhythm Aurora Dream', 'Prism Stars are performers on the new popular ice show, Prism Show. They are super idols whose techniques, singing and fashion sense are a cut above all others. Aira and Rizumu are two Prism Stars whose goal is to become the best, the Prism Queen; however, the road to success is bumpy.\n\n—AniDB')
('The Slingshot', "Kim Shin's brother commits suicide after his company goes bankrupt, leaving his family debt-riddled and grieving. Learning the decline in business was purposefully engineered by a larger company, Kim Shin starts thinking about revenge.")
('A Place in the Sun', 'Kim Yoo Wol became an orphan and he was raised by foster parents. He worked extremely hard and passed his CPA exam. He enjoys happy days with his girlfriend Yoon Shi Wol, but he has a near-death experience. He changes his life and goes under the alias of Oh Tae Yang. He is dead to Yoon Shi Wol. Meanwhile Yoon Shi Wol, who believes her boyfriend Kim Yoo Wol is dead, has a difficult time. She begins to work at conglomerate company Yangji Group. There, she meets Oh Tae Yang.')
('Scan2Go', "Sometime in the near future, in an age in which we have established contact and communications with planets outside our galaxy, Scan2Go has become a huge phenomenon throughout all of outer space. Giant races are held at every locality, with each racer gunning for the title of the universe's number one racer!")
('BTS Gayo', 'BTS Gayo is a South Korean show by the boy band BTS. The show is all about BTS doing activities linked to K-Pop.')
('MONSTA X-Ray', 'K-Pop Boyband \'Monsta X\' perform a TV-Reality showing several "missions" to fulfill and to get to know the members better.')
('Abnormal Summit', 'N/A')
('Eeo siti', "An intense drama revolving around the security operations of Korea's main airport, with criminals of varying stripes trying to get in and out of the country.")
("Irene's Work & Holiday", "The sweetest vacation in the world is a trip after work. Irene's professional daily life is shown in a unique way and new aspects of her travels. 'Work and Holiday' shows the raw Irene that has never been shown before.")
('Arata the Legend', "The stage is the world of Amawakuni, where mankind coexists with the many gods. There, a boy called Arata is wrapped up in a coup d'état led by the Twelve Shinsho, wielders of swords called Hayagami. When he is accused of murdering a princess, Arata escapes to a forest, where he finds himself transported to the modern world.\n\n—Crunchyroll")
('Chungil Electronics Miss Lee', 'N/A')
('Hello, Counselor', 'N/A')
('Avengers Social Club', 'This series features three women from different status coming together for revenge. They join forces to carry out their individual revenges.')
('Mr. Baek', "Mr. Baek is a successful hotelier who's more interested in hoarding his money than in enjoying his golden years. But in a strange turn of events, this classic scrooge gets a second chance at life when he wakes up as a younger version of himself (Shin Ha Kyun). With no way to prove his identity, Mr. Baek must enter his own company as a rookie and is forced to work his way up once again. With precious little time, Mr. Baek is given the opportunity to take stock of his life - and to give love a chance.")
('The Eccentric Daughter-in-Law', '"The Eccentric Daughter-in-Law" is the portray of the real meaning of family through the conflict and reconciliation happening amongst the various shenanigans between in-laws that range from entertaining to dramatic.')
('The Devil', 'A policeman, a lawyer, and a librarian with the power of psychometry all become involved in a twisting tale of murder and revenge that has links to their past.')
('Golden Cross', 'In this thrilling melodrama, the Golden Cross is a group of the top 0.001% richest and most powerful Koreans who control politics and the economy through conspiracies and stratagems. When Kang Do Yun (Kim Kang Woo) gets involved with one of their schemes, his sister ends up losing her life at the hands of one of its leaders. After his father is framed for the murders, Kang Do Yun vows to bring the corrupt group down, becoming a prosecutor seeking revenge. His plan gets complicated, however, when he falls for the daughter (Lee Si Young) of the very man responsible for the death of his family.')
('Crime Squad', "This drama focuses on a group of detectives in the Seoul Gangnam Police Homicide Division who solve crimes based on real life cases with their variety of skills and investigative methods. At the forefront of the team is the impulsive and hotheaded detective Park Se Hyuk and the cold, commanding police chief, Jung Il Do. Park Se Hyuk's passion for his work and rough personality results in a tendency to take action first before thinking later, in contrast with Jung Il Do's by-the-book style. However, his greatest weapon is an instinctive knowledge of a criminal's tricks and mental workings that he gained from his father, the legendary thief, and his own childhood in the streets. Together with the other members of a special team formed to catch Lupin, a notorious burglar, he juggles work with his own personal quest to find his father and confront his older brother, a crooked detective.\n\n—D-Wiki")
('Thumping Spike', "Despite always coming in last, the Daehan High School Volleyball team aspires to reach the top. After a misunderstanding with the team captain, volleyball goddess Se Ra (Hwang Seung Eon), is stuck coaching this floundering team in order to dodge a potential lawsuit - however things aren't any easier when Daehan's star player, Jae Woong (Song Jae Rim) and Se Ra are constantly butting heads. Full of love for the sport - and increasingly, love for Se Ra - can the team turn around their game?")
('Secret Boutique', '"Secret Boutique" is a story of woman power and the corrupt upper echelon as it searches for power and survival using money.')
('Buhwal', "Seo Ha-eun (played by Eom Tae-woong) lost his father when he was 7 years old. He was brought up in Seo Jae-soo's house where he meets his love with Eun-ha (played by Han Ji-min), a pure, good-spirited person. Ha-eun ends up being a detective instead of a criminal. Ha-eun begins to unravel information about his dead father when he is investigating a suicide case. During the investigation, he discovers that he has a twin brother named Yoo Shin-hyuk (also portrayed by Eon Tae-woong), and meets him after 20 years. He also learns that his mother is still alive. The killers who wanted to assassinate Ha-eun accidentally murder Shin-hyuk, due to the similarities of the twins. Because of this, Ha-eun plans revenge by becoming Shin-hyuk.\n\n—Anonymous")
('Happy Sisters', "Yoon Ye Eun's husband of 7 years has a profitable business and they move into a new house. Then, she finds out about his affair. Her sister Yoon Sang Eun is in debt and runs a piano institute. She meets someone through a matchmaking agency and considers entering a contract marriage to pay off her debts.\n\n—SBS International")
('First Love Again', '8 years ago, Lee Ha-Jin (Myung Se-Bin) fell in love with Cha Do-Yoon (Kim Seung-Su), but they broke up.Now, Lee Ha-Jin is enthusiastic about cooking. She meets Cha Do-Yoon again. After Cha Do-Yoon dumped Ha-Jin, he has been full of vengeance and hatred toward her.\n\n—Mahuzin Lafeer')
('The Return of Hwang Geum-Bok', "A mother dedicates her life to the betterment of her daughter. Nevertheless, the daughter is ashamed of her poor mother. After her mother disappears, the daughter comes to terms with the magnitude of her mother's sacrifice.")
('Naegwa Park Won-jang', 'N/A')
('The Running Mates: Human Rights', 'N/A')
('We Are Dating Now', "Ho-Jung is a cute, naive girl who often falls head over heals with the wrong guys. Both Ho-Jung and Kyu-In, her neighbor, are idealistic about love. They start off on the wrong foot and treats each other as if they were siblings, constantly fighting. Ho-Jung's friend Cha Hee has a thing for Kyu-In and Ho-Jung later realizes that she too has feelings for him. Ho-Jae, Ho-Jung's brother, is a player, who has good physical features. Things start to get complicated for Ho-Jae when he falls for Ho-Jung's friend Soo-Ji, who does not have a physical appeal but has a good personality and intelligence.")
('Girls Planet 999', '99 contestants participating in the competition. 33 Korean, 33 Japanese, and the last 33 consisted of Chinese, Taiwanese and Hongkongers. They are Competing against each other and people can vote for them base on their performance. The final lineup would be a kpop girl group name KEP1ER consist of 9 members.')
('Peng', '"PENG" is about a woman entering her 30s as four different men become entangled in her life. 30-year-old Go Sa Ri who is trying to start fresh as she says goodbye to her 20s. She faces a difficult situation when her ex-boyfriend, a younger guy, her best friend, and her boss simultaneously try to win her over. Pi Jung Won, a talented media artist who also own his own gallery and cafe. He develops feelings for Go Sa Ri, who he has been close friends with since they were young. Ki Sun Jae, the CEO of the fashion brand that Go Sa Ri works for. A nearly perfect guy with both looks and skills, he shows warmth in his actions although he appears cold at times. Yeon Ha Rim, a younger guy who isn\'t afraid to express his feelings. Doo Ru Mi is a model who is always straightforward and confident, always willing to show interest when a handsome guy appears. She is an affectionate character who is very loyal to her friends.\n\n—Soompi')
('Blow Breeze', 'A wealthy, elderly man who was born in North Korea and amassed a $100 million fortune in South Korea knows that his time is short. One day, he coincidentally learns that he had a son that he did not know of. The elderly man desperately tries to track down his son but learns that he died. However, the elderly man soon discovers that his son has a daughter who was also defected from North Korea and is currently living in South Korea. Now, the elderly man is seeking to find her whereabouts so that she can inherit his fortune. The story revolves around the long-lost family members and a South Korean man with a North Korean woman who is able to find love by overcoming their differences.\n\n—MBC')
('Miss Ripley', 'Miri has had a very tough childhood and youth in Japan until she returns to South Korea and learns to lie, manipulate and use her looks to get ahead. 2 well-positioned hoteliers are willing victims.')
('I Can See Your Voice', 'A reality show platform which offers talented singers the chance to make their dreams of stardom a reality.')
('Lovers in Prague', 'A hugely popular romantic fairy tale utilizing the stunning, eerie beauty of Prague as a backdrop')
('Roebisute', 'This drama is about a female lobbyist dealing with international arms traders. Han Jae Suk is a successor of a main munitions business company in Korea. He is a young businessman with perfect appearance using a refined phraseology. He has an innate ability as a lobbyist and is a master schemer. He plans to sweep over the whole of Asia.\n\n—Anonymous')
('The Musical', 'Musical drama about the dreams and love of musical actors. Go Eun Bi is a medical student who loves musical, and her dream is to be a professional musical actress.Hong Jae-Yi is one of the best Korean song composers who quit musical and leaved Korea after his girlfriend (Bae Kang Hee) broke up with him and married to another man, but now he comes back, and by accident he meet Go Eun Bi. He plans to help her achieve her dream. Hong Jae Yi believes that Eun Bi will be a better actress than Kang Hee,besides a love triangle makes happen between three of them...\n\n—Anonymous')
('Should We Kiss First', 'The story follows the love lives of four adults who have lost their faith in love.')
('Twinkle Twinkle', 'A rich woman and a poor woman simultaneously experience reversal of fortune after discovering that the hospital accidentally switched them at birth.')
('La Dolce Vita', 'The drama is about a man who commits suicide. A detective tries to solve the case and figure what really happened. The drama goes back in time to six months before the man, Lee Joon Soo, committed suicide.')
('Cloud Bread', 'Two kittens, Hongbi and Hongshi find a cloud stuck in a tree. They take it to their mother. She mixes the cloud into some bread dough and adds "...a kiss of mother\'s love." To their wonderment, when eat the bread, they can fly.')
('Women of the Sun', "Shin Do Young is an announcer who instigates the jealously of all women around her because of her superior looks, great abilities, and great background. But Do Young has a deep, dark secret. She was actually abandoned at an orphanage when she was young but luckily she was adopted by a nice couple. The couple were unable to have their own children but were surprised when their biological daughter was born. Do Young, afraid that her parents would no longer love her anymore abandoned her 5 year old little sister, Ji Young, at a train station. Years have passed and Do Young meets a joyful girl, Sa Wol, who becomes her personal shopper. What happens when Do Young's terrible misdeed is revealed and that Sa Wol is actually the sister she abandoned at the train station all those years ago?")
('Radiant Office', 'An office romantic-comedy features the hijinks that ensues between a tempt worker with possible terminally-ill diagnosis and a prickly elite marketing director.')
("The Man Who Can't Get Married", 'Cho Jae-hee is in his 40s and has yet to be married, however his personality repels women from marriage. However, Jae-hee, is perfect in everything that he does. His life is surrounded by three different women: Jang Moon-jung who is a doctor that he meets one day; Jeong Yoo-jin who is his neighbor whom he meets due to a disturbance; and Yoon Ki-ran is his colleague at work.\n\n—Wikipedia')
('The Birth of a Family', 'A drama about an adopted woman who struggles to make a family.')
('The 3rd Hospital', 'Revolves on the competition between western and eastern medicine in the neurosurgery department of an alternative hospital.')
('Our Gap-soon', 'A couple faces many challenges in order to make a life together. Heo Gap Dol (Song Jae Rim) has failed the law exam many times after graduating from college, despite his best efforts to start his career. He has decided to try for the civil service examination, along with his long-time girlfriend, Shin Gap Soon (Kim So Eun), who has been working many odd jobs to try to support Gap Dol and land gainful employment for herself.\n\n—Chloe Diana')
('Doctor Frost', 'Dr. Frost" is a drama about a genius psychology professor that cannot feel certain emotions due to an injury he sustained as a child. He uses his deductive reasoning to help procedural teams both officially and unofficially to solve crimes on the side.\n\n—Kdrama')
('Twelve Nights', '"12 Nights" is a travel romance drama that tells the story of a man and a woman who spend 12 nights together during their three trips.')
('Oh, the Mysterious', 'Kim Jong Sam was falsely accused of a crime and imprisoned. Because of that he has spent ten years on death row. Somehow he escapes out of prison and becomes a fake cop, (Oh Il Seung). Then sets out to find a hidden amount of 100 billion won (about 100 million dollars) on behalf of criminals who will garanty him with a new identity that belongs to a death cop. He has three days to find the cash and begin his new life. While doing that, new adventures show up.\n\n—Haylie Montie')
('Unstoppable Marriage', 'N/A')
('The Full Sun', "Despite coming from a criminal family, Jung Se Ro (Yoon Kye Sang) is a hardworking student who wants an honest life for himself. That is, until he accidentally gets entangled in one of his father's heists the night of a glamorous jewel exhibition opening. When the dust settles, Se Ro's father is dead and he is falsely accused of killing a man. After being released from prison five years later, Se Ro takes up the life of a con man, joining a ring of jewel smugglers led by Park Kang Jae (Jo Jin Woong). Se Ro is filled with revenge for his father's death and his wasted life until he meets the beautiful jewel heiress, Han Young Won (Han Ji Hye), who has developed a cold heart after the death of her fiancé. The couple brings each other back to life in an ill-fated love, not knowing that Young Won's fiancé was actually the man killed by Se Ro five years earlier.")
('Growing Season', "A realistic portrayal of college students through a phase of 'wanting to grow passionately, and wanting to do well.'")
('Dalkomhan seupai', "A young widowed police officer, Lee Sun-Ae, finds herself unwittingly entangled in the world of international espionage after a chance encounter with Han Yoo-Il, a mysterious & charming young billionaire. Around the same time, she also meets Kang-Jun, the new director of Criminal Investigation Department, who happens to be an old friend of her late husband. Kang-Jun, who secretly harbors feelings for Sun-Ae, opens an old case surrounding Sun-Ae's late husband's death, which leads him to uncover of a secret that involves political and economic power figures, including Han Yoo-Il.\n\n—tara")
('G-Fighters', 'N/A')
('Can We Love?', 'It tells the story of three very close friends, Yoon Jung-wan (Eugene), Kim Sun-mi (Kim Yoo-mi) and Kwon Ji-hyun (Choi Jung-yoon), who are all 39 years old. They each have their own problems.')
('Youth Recipe', "Seong Ki is an expert on creating scandal. He was hired by an agency to help creating a scandal between their upcoming actor, Nam Teil and a rising name, Sun Mi so Nam Teil will get the recognition that they want. Soo Bin is a reporter working undercover as a rookie actress looking for a scandal to report, and her assignment happened to be Sun Mi. While both of Seong Ki and Soo Bin's jobs intervene each others, their relationships became more twisted.")
('Strongest Chil Woo', 'Chil-woo was a lowly police officer during the Joseon era. His parents were killed in a raid and his main goal was to stay below the radar to survive. However when his sister was killed, his outlook on life was forever changed and in seeking revenge, he turned into an assassin and began to mete out justice to criminals.\n\n—DramaWiki')
('Spy', "Park Hye Rim seems like an average housewife, but in reality she's a former North Korean informant, she's suddenly assigned a mission to recruit her son, Kim Seon Woo, a genius NIS agent. Hye Rim does everything she can to protect him.")
('Drinking Solo', 'The story depicts people drinking alcohol alone for different reasons and the romance between Jin Jeong Seok and Park Ha Na. They both work at a private institute for people preparing for their civil service examinations in Noryangjin, Seoul. He is an arrogant, but popular instructor and she is a rookie instructor who struggles to survive in the private institute world.')
('Music Bank', 'N/A')
('Korean Pork Belly Rhapsody', 'Crazy Koreans prattle on about cooking and eating pork belly.')
('Attic Cat', "Law student Lee Kyung Min is used to getting what he wants: raised by indulgent grandparents, he spends his days chasing girls and enjoying the finer things in life. There's only one person he really cares about-Na Hye Ryun, a fellow student from a wealthy family. But unbeknownst to Kyung Min, Hye Ryun has her heart set on someone else. When Hye Ryun ignores his initial advances, Kyung Min tries to become closer to her by getting to know one of her friends, Nam Jung Eun. Having failed employment exams repeatedly, Jung Eun, the daughter of a poor family, has been reduced to selling newspapers to get enough money to rent an apartment. When things go sour for Jung Eun money-wise, Kyung Min jumps in to help, hoping to impress Hye Ryun. His attempt fails, and the sweet Jung Eun is furious when she finds out he's been pursuing her to get to Hye Ryun. Soon Kyung Min's cash runs out, and he decides that it's time to collect on Jung Eun's debt. When his grandparents turn him away from home, Jung Eun is too kind-hearted to refuse when he demands that she let him move in. What will happen when a selfish, demanding young lawyer and a self-sacrificing but stubborn young woman live together?")
('Pied Piper', 'N/A')
('Prison Life of Fools', '"Prison Life of Fools" is a variety show where the cast members will divide themselves into different teams and play various games to find the hidden "mafia" member.')
('History of the Salaryman', 'A 22 episode Korean TV melodrama centered around the lives and loves of four people working their way up the corporate ladder.')
('Want More 19', 'A story of 5 friends in high school. A mutual crush, a one-sided love, and a rough patch for sweethearts. All of this happens as exams come up, will they be able to confess their love (MDL)')
('Keopi Hanjan Halkkayo?', "Kang Go Bi, whose passion for coffee leads him to become a rookie barista at a coffee shop owned by Park Seok. Kang Go Bi learns about coffee and people through Park Seok's life lessons.")
('Road No. 1', 'The story revolves around two young soldiers, the woman they both love, and the Korean war that tears all their lives apart.')
('Geimui yeowang', "Kang Jae-ho caused the death of Shin-jeon's father when Shin-jeon (Joo Jin-Mo) was a young boy. Ever since his father's death, Shin-jeon thought about getting revenge. In his plot to get revenge, Shin-jeon intentionally approaches Eun-seol, who is Kang Jae-ho's daughter, and uses his charm to win her heart. but Shin-jeon finds himself falling in love with Eun-seol as he gets to know her better. and decides to forgive her dad. As Shin-jeon plans to marry Eun-seol and settle down with her in marital bliss, Eun-seol finds out that Shin-jeon approached her on purpose to get revenge on her father. Angry at being betrayed, Eun-seol begins to devise a plot to turn the tables around on Shin-jeon...")
('Doctor Detective', 'Do Jung Eun works as an industrial health doctor. She partners with Doctor Heo Min Ki to uncover the truth related to industrial accidents, diseases and other incidents that take place at industrial sites. Do Jung Eun seeks out the truth which the TL Group wants to cover up.\n\n—AsianWiki')
('NCT World 2.0', 'Mnet\'s "NCT WORLD 2.0" is the first reality show starring all 23 members, including new additions Shotaro and Sungchan. The show will be based on the concept of a multiverse, featuring multiple dimensions.')
('Wi-poong-dang-dang Geu-nyeo', 'A woman gives birth to a daughter and dies in childbirth. Her daughter, Lee Eun Hee (Bae Doona), and the baby girl born in the same house on the same day, Lee Keum Hee (Kim Yu Mi), are raised as twin sisters.')
('Super Daddy Yeol', "Cha Mi-rae has been diagnosed with terminal cancer. To secure her young daughter's future, Mi-rae reaches out to her ex-boyfriend, Han Yeol. Despite his many flaws, Mi-Rae is resolved to change Yeol into the perfect father.")
('Chip In', '"CHIP IN" is a mystery tracking drama about the fierce battle of brains over tens of billions of won of property by a famous artist.')
('After School Club', 'A weekly live studio show where viewers can join and interact with K-Pop stars through video chat sessions on Google Hangout, sending in tweets, and sharing comments on Facebook. Show begins with MCs recapping highlights from previous week\'s show and introducing the current week\'s guest star(s). 5 Google Hangout audience members will be selected to take part in the show. The show has 3 main segments: [1] "All That Album" features guest star(s) promoting their current album; [2] "Still My No. 1" is a showcase of the guest star(s)\' talents through various missions, chats and interactions with fans; [3] "Live Tweet" allows guest star(s) to answer fan questions submitted through Twitter; [4] "Call Me Maybe" showcases submitted fan arts and videos and one of which will be selected by guest star(s) as winner of special prize. The show concludes with the guest star(s) taking a group photo together with the MCs.')
('Lovers', "Kang Jae is a wealthy businessman and gangster and Mi Joo is a plastic surgeon. These two meet after Mi Joo mistakes Kang Jae as being her sleazy brother-in-law. Kang Jae just happens to be the boyfriend of Mi Joo's pregnant neighbor, Yoo Jin. Sae Yeon meets Mi Joo and falls in love with her feisty attitude. Kang Jae works for the father of Sae Yeon who is a gangster. Mi Joo and Kang Jae fall in love.")
('First Love', "This early drama focuses on the lives of two brothers, Chan Hyuk and Chan Woo, and their relationship a wealthy girl named Hyo Kyung from childhood through adulthood. Chan Hyuk and Chan Woo move with their family from Seoul to the countryside where their widowed father finds work as a painter for the local movie theater. The two brothers eventually befriend the movie theater owner's daughter, Hyo Kyung. Although both brothers develop feelings for her, Hyo Kyung falls for the artistic Chan Hyuk. Their relationship is severely tested by multiple hardships over the course of many years including the extreme opposition of her father and uncle.")
('I Hate You, Juliet!', "After an electric shock, a top celebrity is suddenly able to hear a script writer's thoughts. Knowing her true thoughts and feelings, he finds himself falling madly in love with her. But when he loses his ability to read her mind, would he still be able to win her heart?")
('Super Family', 'N/A')
('My Love by My Side', 'N/A')
('Nori Roller Coaster Boy', 'A shy and brave boy, Nori, lives in the famous amusement park, Nori Park. Nori wants to be the star of rollercoasters and a hero, like his father Dragon Rider, who is the king of racing and looks great on the track rollercoaster in Nori Park. Until one day, the evil villain Vegas appears, who threatens to destroy Nori Park and turn it into his own park, Vega Land.')
('Fermentation Family', "Lee Kang San and Lee Woo Joo find themselves taking over the management of their family's traditional kimchi restaurant, Heaven, Earth and Man, when their father sets off on a journey one day without their knowledge. Ki Ho Tae coincidentally arrives at the restaurant in search of the missing pieces of his past. Together with the other restaurant employees, long-time customers and a growing circle of friends, they work towards their individual goals while finding warmth and family through their sharing of food and support of each other.\n\n—D-Wiki")
('City Hall', "City Hall is a drama that will deal with politics in a romantic comedy genre. It's about the happenings between a young woman mayor and an elite bureaucrat.")
('The Woman Who Married Three Times', 'Oh Hyun Soo (Uhm Ji Won) and Oh Eun Soo (Lee Ji Ah) are two grown sisters trying to make it in the world under the watchful eye of their mother. While Hyun Soo focuses intently on her career as a product designer, Eun Soo sets out to kindle romance after her divorce from her first husband, Jung Tae Won (Song Chang Ui). But can her new beau, business management school graduate student Kim Joon Goo (Ha Suk Jin), accept a young divorcee as his new bride?')
('Wanted', 'The story about an actress whose son has been kidnapped and she is going to do all the tasks Kidnapper assigns her during a live reality show in order to save her child.')
('9 Ends 2 Out', 'After having been friends for all 30 years of their lives, Hong Nan Hee and Byun Hyung Tae find themselves unwillingly living together, which unexpectedly starts changing the dynamics of their relationship.')
('Gwishinboneun hyungsa, Cheo Yong', 'Detective Yoon Cheo-yong solves the tough cases around the city by communicating with spirits from the Other Side.')
("Angel's Revenge", "a very young girls trio escapes from a convent to meet boys on a disco. A pretty young nun go after them, entered disguised at disco and when she finds the missed sheep being forced for a boy, she don't hesitates and with a jump, lands her feet over the chest of the poor boy. If i tell you the nun is So Yi Yoon, you can say so what, surely remembering ARAHAN, SHADOWLESS SWORD and so. Less usual could sounds that So Yi don't repeat neither a single kick nor a fist in the 103 chapters. Angel s Revenge instead is a tearful story, with some enjoying characters, the hated Jang Taejong, notorious villain, the grand mother Gong, the nun, Sister Maria, returning to a civil Lee Seonyu, to investigate the murder of her sister, Lee JinYU. Its a touching, sometimes painful enormous movie where almost all the stars do right, but...¿can somebody explain why So Yi begins the movie kicking fine but never ever she defends herself against the frequents attacks ?\n\n—mau davi")
('Star King', 'N/A')
('Betoben baireoseu', 'Kang Gun Woo is a world renowned orchestra maestro who is a perfectionist in his work. He is not an easy person to work with and is feared by all his players. By chance, he comes across Du Ru Mi, a violinist, and a young cop who has the same name as his and discovers that even without formal training, the young Kang is a music genius. The three soon get tangled in a love triangle.\n\n—D-Wiki')
("King's Family", 'N/A')
('Love in Spring', "Jin Geum Seong is a poor nobleman who lives with his mother and making ends meet is challenging. While gathering wood on the mountain, he spies a woman swimming nearby. Believing she is about to take her life, he creates a disturbance allowing him to save Choi Hye Seong, the third daughter of Choi Jin Sa. Only things are not as they seem when she turns out to be a man named 'Salbyul,' Love will bloom between Hye Seong and Geum Seong, much like a flower on a warm spring day.\n\n—mydramalist")
('Samba et Leuk le lièvre', 'Samba, a boy raised by lions in the African bush is collected by the inhabitants of a village and chosen to save them from a curse of the god Togoum.')
('We Got Married Global Edition', 'N/A')
('Teuripeul', 'N/A')
('Baby Faced Beauty', "Jang Na Ra (My Love Patzzi) marks her return to Korean dramas with Baby Faced Beauty. Na Ra plays Lee So Young, a 34-year-old woman who looks ten years younger than she is, and manages to fool everyone about her age. So Young also has a large family debt to take care of. With only a high school education and big dreams of being a fashion designer, she has her work cut out for her. The only thing she has going for her in the cutthroat fashion world is her youthful appearance. In a fortunate accident, she gets mistaken for her younger sister Lee So Jin for a modeling job and manages to land a job at her dream fashion company. There, she meets one of the managing directors, Choi Jin Wook, who looks far older than he really is. The two of them clash, especially since Jin Wook treats So Young with disrespect, as if she is younger than he is-though she's actually his senior! See if age really does matter in this tale of love and fashion that will make you smile no matter how old you are.")
('Witch Hunt', "A talk show where the male MC's along with guests discuss romantic relationships and problems surrounding the topic.")
("Can't Lose", 'Korea\'s biggest Hallyu star Choi Ji Woo ( Winter Sonata ) and the one and only "Oska" Yoon Sang Hyun ( Secret Garden ) come together in this drama about two married divorce lawyers who butt heads in and out of the courtroom. Lee Eun Jae and Yeon Hyung Woo fell in love at first sight without knowing much about each other. After a romantic meeting at a baseball game, the two quickly marry, but as all whirlwind marriages go, the spark fizzles quickly, and things soon begin to fall apart for these two mis-matched divorce lawyers. When their married friends come running to them begging for divorces, Eun Jae and Hyung Woo begin to wonder if divorce may be the best solution for their problems as well. Money and career tensions fuel the already raging fire and soon regret abounds for their hurried love affair.')
('Boarding House Number 24', 'A man discovers he fathered a child 24 years ago. There are six possible candidates who could be his child, and he invites them all to stay at his boarding house until he uncovers which one it is. While living together, the six young adults engage in various hijinks and relationships with one another as they grow into adults.\n\n—Anonymous')
('Bing Goo', 'Go Man Soo (Kim Jung Hyun) is a man living in 1979 Korea during a simpler time before the 1988 Olympics brought modernization to much of the country.')
('Waiting for Love', 'A drama about love and relationships, centers on a college student Joo Yeon Ae who has both good looks and personality, but she is actually a novice in relationships, and always fails at getting her man.')
('Geunyeoui Bucket List', "Rari's entire world falls apart when her boyfriend dies. Overwhelmed with the pain of losing the love of her life, she decides to go through the bucket list they made together before joining him in death.")
('Neighborhood Lawyer Jo Deul-ho', 'Once a star prosecutor with a bright future, Jo Deul Ho loses everything after becoming a whistleblower against the intolerable corruption he witnesses. He instead rebuilds his life as a lawyer at a small neighborhood law practice, committed to justice and protecting the innocent. (Plot credits to Kissasian.com)\n\n—Noura WM')
('Jungle Fish 1', "How is it to be a teenager in today's Korean society? Han Jae Ta (Kim Soo Hyun) is a high school student. She and her best friend, Lee Eun Su (Park Bo Young), and other classmates have a tough schedule.")
('The Queen of Office', "Temporary employee Ms. Kim (Kim Hye-Soo) is a remarkable woman. She possesses highly advanced skills in seemingly all work fields. She's also highly confident and always sticks to her ideals. Jang Kyu-Jik (Oh Ji-Ho) is a hot-shot foreign educated MBA, hired to turn around a flagging corporation. As they begin work together at their new jobs, can they ever co-exist?\n\n—Daniel Hur")
('Brain', "Lee Kang Hoon (Shin Ha Kyun) is a talented neurosurgeon who graduated from a top medical school and works at the top hospital in Korea, Chunha University Hospital. He has ambitions to become the director at Chunha and would go to great lengths to achieve this. He is obsessed with success, which is probably both his greatest flaw and strength, since it makes him steely and fierce. He finds a hated enemy, a rival and a teacher in Professor Kim Sang Chul (Jung Jin Young), a world famous neurologist whose friendly demeanor and kindness with his patients acts as a stark contrast to Lee Kang Hoon's cold and unforgiving attitude. Yoon Ji Hye (Choi Jung Won) is a third-year resident in the neurosurgery department who is well-liked for her warm bedside manner. She is initially a thorn in Kang Hoon's side with her criticisms of his behavior, but later becomes his staunchest supporter. Seo Joon Suk (Jo Dong Hyuk) is Kang Hoon's classmate and rival in both love and career.\n\n—D-Wiki")
('Wonderful Mama', "Despite modest roots, Yoon Bok Hee (Bae Jong Ok) excels as a financial lender and starts her own real estate business, eventually becoming a millionaire. The view is great at the top of her game, until Alzheimer's redefines her golden years. Bok Hee resolves to focus on her children, who all need major help in getting their acts together, especially eldest daughter Go Young Chae (Jung Yoo Mi), a gold-digging designer. Unexpected help arrives in the form of Jang Hoon Nam (Jung Gyu Woon), whose warmth, kindness and sense of responsibility stand to change Young Chae's life forever. Meanwhile, time is running out for Bok Hee - can she trust that her children will take care of themselves, her business - and her?")
('Trans-Siberian Pathfinders', 'Five men take the Trans-Siberian Railway train to travel across Russia. Li Seon Gyun, Kim Nam Gil, Li Sang Yeob, Ko Gyu Pil, and Kim Min Sik are five actors who are close friends as well. How will this journey end? Will their trip go smoothly without any hiccups? A trip can never be complete without any bumps. Take the beautiful journey with these guys while they discover the true meaning of travelling.')
('Noonbory and the Super 7', "When trouble is brewing or super silly villainy is taking place in the whimsical world of Toobalooba, it's Noonbory and his sensational team of super-sensing problem-solvers to the save the day!")
('H.I.T.', 'Can a female police detective put aside her own past grief to catch a dangerous serial killer? Cha Soo Kyung (Go Hyun Jung) is the tough-as-nails leader of Investigation Team 1 of the Seoul Metropolitan Police.')
('Loving You a Thousand Times', "Go Eun Nim is in a desperate situation. Struggling to support her poor family and sick father while studying to become a teacher, she's running out of options. Baek Sae Hoon is the oldest son of the Hoon family and stands to receive all the family inheritance, but he and his wife cannot conceive a child. Resorting to surrogacy, the couple goes to Eun Nim with a proposal she cannot afford to refuse. Sae Hoon's younger brother Baek Kang Ho, meanwhile, is the bastard child of an affair their father had, and his stepmother despises him as a result. Eun Nim thinks that carrying their baby will be where her connection to the Hoon family ends, but unexpectedly she and Kang Ho begin to fall in love.")
('Marrying a Millionaire', 'Eun-young helps her step sister in various dealings, also helps quell her step mother\'s angry mind. She cannot stand injustice and always says what is on her mind. However she\'s also very shy. She gets tense when someone whom she secretly admired and looked up to during college turned into a broadcast PD. One day, a very absurd thing happens to her. She was apparently "a millionaire\'s first love\' and she gets a proposal to be cast on a TV show called "Marrying a Millionaire" She refuses in the beginning as she cannot believe what is happening to her. However, because of her step sister\'s scheme, she eventually leaves for France. However, the Millionaire that she meets was her middle school schoolmate, Kim Young-Hun, known for being notoriously dumb in her class. She once liked Young-Hun, however, as he fails in his first test and he\'s placed last in class, she loses interest in him. However, as time passes, she begins to change her mind. The program continues and she starts to like him. However, she is disappointed with the fact that the whole thing is for prize money. Then when Yu Jin-ha approaches her, she begins to.')
('Man Who Dies to Live', 'N/A')
('Snowman', "Some attractions are strictly forbidden. Suh Yeon Wook (Gong Hyo Jin) has lived with her older sister, Suh Yeon Jung (Oh Yeon Soo), ever since their parents died, and they have been each other's closest ally and only family.")
('Basketball', 'Drama series is set within the turbulent period between the Japanese colonial era and the division of Korea into North and South. Kang San is from a poor family. He struggles to get away from poverty. Through the game of basketball, he becomes successful and meets a girl from the upper class. He dreams of their love overcoming the disparity in their social standing.\n\n—MDL')
('Onli yoo', "Eun Jae (Han Chae Young) was a stubborn and head-strong girl who had a passion for cooking. She did not have any interest in going to college and with the help of her school friend, Jung Hyun Sung (Lee Chun Hee)ran away to Italy to enroll in a cooking school. Jung Hyun Sung who loved her dearly went along with her. Han Yi-Joon (Jo Hyun Jae) came from a wealthy family. He travelled to Italy looking for his mother and there he ran into Eun Jae, who had also been seeking the same person to learn the secrets to making great pasta. She comforted Yi-Joon, who was distraught over his mother's remarrying, and they ended up making love. Yi Joon left Eun Jae the next morning over some misunderstanding. Eun Jae became pregnant and had no choice but to give up her dream and to return to Korea. 6 years later, Eun Jae was working in low paying restaurant jobs, Yi-Joon started to take over the operations of his family's business, and Hyun Sung was working as a chef for one of the restaurants owned by Yi-Joon and managed by Ji Soo Yeon (Hong Soo Hyun). Hyun Sung was good with Eun Jae's son and he was helping out Eun Jae's whole family financially as they had fallen on hard times. Yi-Joon found out that he still had feelings for Eun Jae as they ran into each other when he was looking for a new chef for his restaurant. The dramatic tension unfolds as the four main characters worked out their feelings for each other.")
('Robber', 'Kwon Oh Joon is a swindler who falls for a widow with a 5 year old daughter, Jin Dal Rae. Dal Rae lives with her daughter and mother in law after her husband passes away. Oh Joon is a suave man who can talk women into doing anything.')
('The Banker', 'A re-make of the Japanese "Auditor Nozaki Shuhei", it is the story of a bank auditor who pursues justice and the changing of policies in an era where the economic bubble is collapsing, and financial authorities are in battle over money and power.\n\n—HanCinema')
('Bom nal', 'Mini series about a woman who was given up for adoption as a child falling in love with 2 brothers during 2 different time periods.')
('Model', "Song Kyung-rin is a fashion designer, but after Jo Won Joon refuses to model for her, she has a taste of being a model and decides to switch from designing to modeling. Lee Jung, just returning to Korea from America, is interested in modeling. Through fate, Lee Jung helps out Kyung-rin and they fall in love. But behind Lee Jung's return to Korea is a big, dark secret and a revenge plot.\n\n—DramaWiki")
('Matching! Boys Archery', "A girl dreaming about becoming a webtoon artist. In order to find material, she approaches an archery club full of good-looking boys by becoming the team's manager.")
('Mysterious Personal Shopper', "Centered around the fashion tycoon President Eun's family, the mystery hidden inside the mansion is unveiled in an unpredictable way through the relationships and feuds between various people.")
('Coma', 'It is a horror-mystery film set in a hospital that is being shut down due to its dubious practices.')
('Masked Prosecutor', 'Prosecutor by day, masked vigilante by night-- can one man alone take justice into his own hands? (DramaFever)')
('Rascal Sons', "A married man decides to move out of his house to get away from his wife. Meanwhile, his eldest son is widowed and has vowed to never marry again. His second eldest son is disinterested in getting married while harboring a secret crush on his friend's girlfriend. Then there is his youngest son who has been once divorced but pretends that he has never been married before so that he could enhance his attractiveness among women. Somehow, all the male members of the family have had relationship problems and through their personal stories, this TV series will try to enlighten viewers on how marriage is a constant work in progress.")
('Cheonsangui hwawon', "When you disobey your parents' wishes and marry someone they don't approve of, can you go back home again when the marriage fails? Jung Jae In has no other choice but to return to her family home, despite being disowned by her father, Boo Sik, for marrying a divorced man with a daughter. But she brings her stepdaughter Eun Soo and her daughter Hyun Soo back to the picturesque countryside of the Kangwon Province when her husband Tae Sub is imprisoned after his business goes bankrupt in Seoul. Jae In returns to Seoul and hocks all of her possessions to bail her husband out of jail. On the day of his release, a mysterious woman meets her husband and leaves with him.\n\n—Anonymous")
('All My Love', 'The story of the relationship between two families, based on the traditional Korean Cinderella folktale about Kongji and Patji. The Kongji family is poor but kind, while the Patji family is rich but selfish.')
("Heaven's Promise", 'N/A')
('Heart Signal', 'N/A')
('Super TV', 'Super TV is a variety show in which various entertainment formats are recreated with the K-Pop group SUPER JUNIOR as the main protagonist. This will include a question and answer quiz, a talk show, games, a culinary show and a skills contest.\n\n—Mariano Galván')
('Telecinema', 'N/A')
('Behind the White Tower', "What does it take to climb the ivory tower of success? Jang Joon Hyuk (Kim Myung Min) is brilliant and ambitious and a rising star as an assistant professor at the prestigious Myeongin University Hospital's surgery department. Although everyone acknowledges Joon Hyuk's unparalleled medical skills, his cold personality doesn't win him many friends or supporters within the hospital.")
('Noblewoman', "Born to a single mom working as a maid, Shin Ae gives up her studies to work as a salesperson in a department store. Mi Na is the only daughter and heiress of the family who owns the department store and secretly envies Shin Ae for her inborn confidence. Shin Ae has a crush on Jung Min, a manager at the store she works in. Smart and capable, Jung Min is involved in a secret relationship with Mi Na. However, Mi Na's parents disapprove of Jung Min's ordinary background. When Shin Ae finds out that Jung Min and Mi Na are a couple, she is greatly disappointed. This is when a clumsy but lovable young man named Yeong Min meets Shin Ae. The two find comfort in each other and end up getting married. However, their happiness is cut short when Yeong Min and his parents die in a plane crash. Shin Ae is devastated by the sudden loss in the early days of her marriage. However, there is an unexpected twist, Yeong Min's father had actually been a huge investor and major shareholder in the department store. Shin Ae inherits the wealth that she had always dreamed of. Shin Ae, who had only been able to dream about becoming rich, is now indisputably part of the upper class. However, her changed status does not bring her true happiness. Moreover, unable to accept that Shin Ae has risen to her status, Mi Na hatches a scheme against her, creating conflict and conspiracy over the ownership of the department store. Meanwhile, Shin Ae continues to have feelings for Jung Min. This drama is an epic tale of love and competition between two high school classmates from completely different worlds, each trying to become a truly noble lady.")
('Traveler', '"Traveler" is a travel variety show that stars all actors on a journey to find their "true selves." Without the interference of production staff, they will get the freedom to try new things as non-celebrities and get the full backpacking experience. The first season features Lee Je-hoon and Ryu Jun-yeol as they travel to Cuba. It aired on Thursdays from 21 February to 25 April 2019. The second season features Ahn Jae-hong, Kang Ha-neul and Ong Seong-wu as they travel to Argentina. It was broadcast on Saturdays from 15 February to 18 April 2020.')
('Jingbirok', 'N/A')
("It's My Life", "Yang Nam Jin is an average guy from a small fish town. While running an employment agency, he always volunteers to help the community. He was raised by a single mother. But, as it turns out, he is from a rich family. Now Nam Jin is a grandson of the chairman and a potential heir for a fashion conglomerate. Aiming to the top, he is ready to compete with Grandfather's other grandson, Choi Shi Woo. But the company isn't the only thing they want to take from one another. Enters Han Seung Joo, a strong-willed woman who wants to make her own name as a fashion designer. With Jin Ah, Nam Jin's first love who is desperate for success, they have an unpredictable love square. Will there be happiness and love at the end of their journey?")
('I Order You', 'Can a heartbroken divorced man learn to love again? Yeo Gook Dae (Jung Yunho) is a talented chef who hides his broken heart from his divorce behind his brash attitude. He runs a homemade dosirak (lunchbox) shop, where he creates delicious meals to take his mind off of his heartache.')
('Real GOT7', "All seven Members from JYP entertainment's Got7 (JB, Jackson Wang, Mark Tuan, Bambam, Jr.,Young Jae, and Yugyeom) Come together to show you behind the scenes, tell you stories, have competitions, And Have fun!")
('Truth', "A beautifully written drama about the nature of truth and love, Truth is the story of a deadly rivalry between two women. Lee Ja Young (played by uber hallyu icon Choi Ji Woo of Winter Sonata and Stairway to Heaven) as a poor, good-hearted student squaring off against her wealthy, ruthless classmate Lee Shin Hee (played by Park Sun Young of The Sons of Sol Pharmacy House). Lee Ja Young and her father live in the basement of one of her wealthy classmate's families, for whom he works as a chauffeur. Although poor, Ja Young is a bright and driven high school student who consistently tops her class, sparking the jealousy of mediocre student and classmate Lee Shin Hee, whose house Ja Young lives in. When the college entrance exams roll around, Shin Hee's family, headed by her father a powerful senator, use a mix of bribes and threats to force Ja Young and her father into agreeing that Ja Young will take Shin Hee's test for her. As a result, Ja Young cannot take the test herself. A year later, finally at college, Ja Young meets Jung Hyun Woo (Ryu Shi Won), the handsome and charming heir to a major company, who begins to fall in love with her. Unfortunately, Shin Hee has her sights set on him, and flies into a jealous fury. One night, the three of them go out for drinks, and on the way back, they get into a terrible car accident. Shin Hee, sitting in the driver's seat, wakes up while everyone else lies unconscious. She quickly switches places with Ja Young so that she will have to take the blame. In the wake of tragedy, the truth is blurred yet again... A brilliantly layered exploration of lies and loyalty, Truth is considered a classic among Korean dramas, and was hugely successful when ai red. This drama is also known as Honesty (English) and Jin Shil (Korean). Visit our friends at Drama Wiki and Hancinema for additional information about this drama.")
('Traces of the Hand', "Kim Hong Sik (Shin Jae Ha) is a shy young man who returns to college after serving his mandatory military service. He discovers an app called T-Scope that helps him to see other people's secret messages.")
("Eve's Love", 'An optimistic woman attempts to persevere and prosper after being betrayed by a once trusted friend.')
('Please Take Care of My Refrigerator', 'All those groceries that have been sitting in your fridge for months will now become your favorite dinner. "Please Take Care of my Fridge" is a cooking show with a twist: Korea\'s top chefs battle off to create the best gourmet dishes from leftovers.\n\n—Pop culture fan')
('Korean Peninsula', 'Seo Myung-joon is a South Korean scientist who falls in love with North Korean scientist Im Jin-jae while developing an alternative energy source together. But when Myung-joon unexpectedly becomes the president of a reunified Korea, political tensions rise as a massive struggle for limited natural resources continues to divide the country.')
("Dal Ja's Spring", "A 33 successful career girl, Dal Ja, who's lousy in love enlists a paid boyfriend, a confident younger Tae-bong to save face from a failed romance. Dal Ja is drawn Tae-bong and also meets a rich separated man who interests her too.")
('Hello Baby', 'N/A')
('The Cravings', "Jae-young is a woman in her 30's, recently coming out of a long term relationship, working on a job that doesn't really fulfill her. Looking for what she really wants in life, she starts with the basics, food.")
("GOT7's Hard Carry", 'The beloved k-pop boy-band "GOT7" arrives with a brand new reality show. All members of the group are together to do the most fun activities and have some time to relax beyond their work as musicians. The show includes games, back stages, funny moments and some interactions along fans.\n\n—Mariano Galván')
('On Air', "This drama is about behind the scene in TV drama productions. It also portrays how the whole production team and performers complete a project on a tight schedule as well as how actors, actresses, and entertainment agencies handle rumors surrounding them. Jang Ki Joon used to be a top manager in the business but he went bankrupt as he couldn't compete with other powerful agencies. He was 'rescued' by Oh Seung Ah, a top star, who agreed to join his agency after breaking off with her former one. Lee Kyung Min was a drama PD who got his first chance at being a director. Seo Young Eun is a much sought after scriptwriter, who was divorced and has a young son.")
('Empire of Gold', 'Internal strife ensues for two decades as three family members vie for control over a large South Korean conglomerate.')
('I Live in Cheongdam-dong', 'After 60 years of living in a poor neighborhood, a woman is finally able to move up in the world. Hye Ja (Kim Hye Ja) decides to move to the upscale Cheongdam-dong area of Gangnam, Seoul, and her daughter, Ji Eun (Oh Ji Eun), dreams of living in the midst of luxurious shopping, restaurants and residences for the first time in her life.')
('Produce X 101', 'N/A')
("Fashion 70's", "Fashion 70's tells the story of four young people. The series starts with their lives as children during the Korean War and follows them into adulthood in the 1970's South Korea.")
('You Are the Only One', 'Several families from different families live under the same roof to save money.')
('Melon Music Awards', 'The Melon Music Awards is a major music awards show that is held annually and organized by Kakao M (a Kakao company) through its online music store, Melon.')
('Shining Days', "Yeon Woo grew up happy in a loving family. One day, her father had died mysteriously and her mother remarried a man who was 10 years younger than her. Misfortunes never come singly. Her mother died of Wilson's disease and her step-father ran away with money. Min Ho, an old friend of hers, is always there to comfort her. Min Ho decided to be a policeman to catch a murderer who killed Yeon Woo's father. Eun Sup came back to Korea with the sole purpose of stopping his lover Soo Ah from getting married, but Soo Ah gave him an outright denial. To make matter worse, his father sent people over to his hotel to catch him. He ran away from the hotel and he accidentally fell into the subway track and became unconscious. Yeon Woo saw the whole scene in the platform and saved his life. Eun Sup asked her if he could stay in her place temporarily since he had no place to go. So Yeon Woo, Min Ho and Eun Sup all started living in a same house.")
('Que Sera, Sera', "Tae Joo has charm and good looks and dates rich women. He finds a strange poor girl in front of his apartment. He finds himself falling for her. It won't be smooth sailing though for this couple.")
('Incarnation of Money', "A tycoon Lee Joong-Man murderd in 1998 by his personal driver Ji Se-Gwang whom having affair with Lee's mistress Eun Bi-Ryung. Lee's wife Park Gi-Soo wrongfully convicted of the murder of Lee. Ji Se-Gwang became a special inspection division manager at the Seoul Central District Prosecutors Office(SCDPO). A professional prosecutor Lee Cha-Don learns his past in relation to the conspiracy for the murder case.\n\n—Young Lee")
('Immortal Classic', 'A secret recipe book for making great kimchee has been passed down from generation to generation in the same family for hundreds of years. The current protector of the recipes, Park Gye Hyang, is the national cultural asset for cooking in Korea.')
('Super Junior Full House', 'Two female international students Anya ,a 20 year old Russian-Polish intern, and Eva Popiel, a 25 year old Japanese-English of Polish descent intern, arrive in Seoul, South Korea to do a home stay with half the members of Super Junior. While living with Super Junior, the two foreign students experience comedic adventures with the group and develop deep friendships...')
('Sanbuingwa', "Seo Hye Young is a talented second-year obstetrician, but when a patient desperate to abort her second child begs her to perform the surgery, she reluctantly agrees. She's promptly blacklisted and transferred from a prestigious hospital in Seoul to an obscure country hospital. To make things worse, she realizes that she herself is pregnant-and the father is a married man. Rebuilding her life in the wake of these events, Hye Young struggles to keep her pregnancy secret from her co-workers. She clashes with Lee Sang Shik, a pediatrician at the new hospital, while an old friend, Wang Jae Sook, re-enters her life. Award-winning actress Jang Seo Hee (Temptation of a Wife) stars alongside Go Joo Won (Kim Soo Ro) and Suh Ji Suk. Rising young actor Song Joong Ki (Sungkyunkwan Scandal) adds even more talent to this story that tracks the medical and human dramas in a hospital's obstetrics department.")
('Crime Scene', 'Each week the contestants assume the roles of murder suspects, with one of them playing as the real criminal. The cases must be solved by investigating the replicated crime scenes, and the criminal must be convicted by the other suspects.')
('Talking Tom and Friends Minis', 'Get ready to watch Talking Tom and Friends at their cutest! Mini in size, but massive in fun, the Minis series offers a glimpse into the day-to-day world of the characters we all know and love where they do the most ordinary things in the most extraordinary ways.')
('Capital Scandal', "This drama is set in the 1930's when Korea was under the rule of Japan. Na Yeo Kyeong was the owner of a book store and she was also a freedom fighter. Seon Woo Wan was the playboy son of a rich family and he became involved in the independence movement through a bet with his co-workers to win Na Yeo Kyeong's heart. His father paid for the education of his worker's son, Lee Soo Hyeon, and was disappointed to find him working for the Security Branch of the Japanese government. Cha Song Joo was a famous gisaeng who ran a high class brothel.\n\n—D-Wiki")
('S.O.S. Croco!', 'N/A')
('La famille Ouf', "When dealing with problems that all families face, the Odd Family can't help but try to solve them in the Odd way. With them, daily life is an on-going adventure. In each episode, the twins deal with situations in their daily life by spoofing movie heroes: Mission impossible, Indiana Jones.\n\n—Anonymous")
('Show! Music Core', "Watch the hottest artists in Korean pop music today on MBC's premiere music variety show - Music Core. The newest artists, the hottest acts, and old favorites showcase their talent live on stage to a screaming audience. Keep coming back for more as new episodes are constantly added to DramaFever. See the entire list of Music Core episodes here.")
('Crazy in Love', "The man who killed one woman's fiancé by accident. Later, the woman meets the guy who killed her fiancé, and somehow falls desperately in love with him without knowing the truth... And when they found out their forbidden love.... Their sad love story unfolds.\n\n—Junhee kim")
('All Kinds of Daughters-in-Law', 'Geum Byeol and Eun Byeol are twin sisters and have had a bad sibling relationship since they were little girls. Geum Byeol was treated like a princess by their mother while Eun Byeol was neglected and forced to give in to her sister all the time. The sisters had a long, tempestuous relationship but this conflict between them should have ended when they got married. Instead, their marriages took their sibling rivalry to new heights. They later found out that their husbands were sworn enemies. This TV show revolves around unequal childhoods and how two siblings find themselves the daughters-in-law in two feuding families which they try to mediate. These multiple strained relationships between people are portrayed in a lighthearted way as the related parties eventually resolve their issues through forgiveness and love.\n\n—MBC America')
('Run, Jang-Mi', 'Jang-Mi is a kind young graduate student. After the unexpected death of her beloved father, Jang-Mi experiences a sudden reversal-of-fortune. As Jang-Mi struggles pay the bills, fortune smiles upon her in the form of a wealthy bachelor.')
('Joseon Survival', 'A drama about a deliveryman traveling to the past and meeting a famous Joseon-era thief.')
('24/365 with Blackpink', 'blackpink 24/365 with blackpink series')
('Joseon X-Files - Secret Book', 'Kim Ji-Hoon stars as a government investigator in 17th century Korea. Kim Hyung Do (Kim Ji Hoon), originally an ordinary inspector for the government, rises in the ranks due to his single-minded drive. Chosen for a secret organization within the government which investigates unexplained phenomena, he soon stumbles across a series of mysterious, supernatural events, and sets out to discover the truth behind them. In his quest he is helped (and sometimes hindered) by Heo Yoon Yi (Im Jung Eun), a government employee whose enthusiastic belief in the supernatural stands in stark contrast to his own cool-headed logic. Wonderfully filmed and suspenseful, this drama skillfully weaves together mystery, drama, and a little romance in a heady concoction of science fiction and historical intrigue.\n\n—dramafever')
('Assembly', 'Sang-Pil is a shipyard welder who gets elected to the national assembly. As he enters upon the duties of his new position, Sang-Pil quickly realizes that being an effective assembly member will be more difficult than he had anticipated.')
('My Heart Twinkle Twinkle', "This heartwarming South-Korean Melodrama (2015) depicts the interconnected lives and shared family struggles of three sisters (starring Jang Shin-young, Bae Soo-bin, Lee Tae-im, and Nam Bo-ra). The story revolves around the father's fried-chicken shop being driven out of business by the large, regional corporate competition, owned by a family that once had close ties.")
('Bulranggajuc', "Na Rim , who came from a wealthy household, lost her family in a car accident when she was nine. After the accident, she suffered from amnesia so her uncle hired Oh Dal Gun, an ex-ganster,to recreate a similar household with parents, sister, brother, grandparents and uncle in hopes that she would regain her memory. In a hurry, Oh Dal Gun ended up hiring all sorts of odd ball characters to act as members of Na Rim's family. None got along at the start and hilarious situation arose when all members tried to cope in front of the little girl and also to protect her from the one who caused her family's accident. Eventually they started to behave like a real family and cared for each other, proving that blood relation is not as important as a caring heart.\n\n—Anonymous")
('6 Persons Room', 'After the dramatic-looking accident, Min Soo goes to the 6-person hospital room. He wakes up surrounded by women themselves. We will learn about their stories, to the accompaniment of humor and mystery.')
('Game Development Girls', 'The everyday life of a few employees at a game development company.')
('Who Are You?', "Son Il-Geon dies unexpectedly. Worried about leaving his daughter all alone, he's given 49 days to deal with his unfinished business and gets sent back as a ghost that, for 3 hours a day, can possess the body of businessman Cha Seung-Hyo.")
('Jeonwoo', 'Presents the lives, adventures and struggles of 9 South Korean soldiers during their missions during the Korean War.')
('Dr. Champ', 'Kim Yeon Woo is an orthopedic doctor who takes up a new post at Taereung National Village, the training center for national Olympic athletes, after she is fired from her previous job. She becomes romantically involved with Park Ji Heon, a young judo athlete, and Lee Do Wook, the short-tempered, crippled director of the facility who is still haunted by the injury that had cut short his speed-skating career. This is further complicated by the presence of the swimming coach, Hee Young, who becomes her rival for the attentions of Do Wook.\n\n—nami')
('Love Returns', 'A woman ends up losing everything after living a turbulent life. When she starts anew from the bottom, ironically, her life blossoms. The value that holds us together is not blood nor law, but rather love and affection between us.')
("It's Dangerous Beyond the Blanket", 'Some people like to stay at home doing nothing; these people are nicknamed "Homebody". However, five homebody celebrities join this show to stay together and spend a holiday. Actor Lee Sang Woo, Kang Daniel of Wanna One, Yong Jun Hyung of Highlight, Xiumin of Exo, and Singer Park Jae Jung move into the same house for a vacation. Will they be able to get along together?\n\n—S. Kennex')
('Love Is Drop by Drop', 'Eun Bang Wool falls in love with the man who received a heart transplant from her ex-boyfriend. She faces secrets around her.')
('The Duo', "The Duo is swashbuckling tale of a bandit hero who fights for the people. Chun Doong is born into a noble family, but he's switched at birth with the son of peasants. Growing up poor and downtrodden, he gradually grows angry as he watches the oppression around him, and becomes a heroic outlaw. Meanwhile, Gwi Dong, the child he was switched with, grows up as a privileged nobleman, and becomes a head of the police. The two men, unconsciously living each other's lives, are total opposites-one stands for justice through the law, and the other seeks justice through crime. Fate has plans to reunite them, however, when they both fall for the same beautiful woman. A fusion sageuk-or historical drama-that combines action and romance in a fun blend, The Duo is an easy hit with audiences.")
('Asphalt My Hometown', 'N/A')
('Pri Para', 'After finding a lost bag belonging to a girl named Mirei Minami, elementary school student Laala Manaka gets a chance to perform as an idol singer in an idol theme park.')
('Unkind Ladies', "New episodes will be released every Thursday and Friday! Motherhood and sisterhood come full circle in this heartwarming glimpse into the lives of three generations of women. As a single mother, Kang Soon Ok (Kim Hye Ja) often laments her misfortunes, while her daughters Kim Hyun Sook (Chae Si Ra) and Kim Hyun Jung (Do Ji Won) also struggle with their own. But when Hyun Sook's daughter Jung Ma Ri (Lee Ha Na) becomes an unlikely source of wisdom, the entire family begins to view life differently. Will they realize just how lucky they really are?")
('Golden Disc Awards', 'The Golden Disc Awards is an annual South Korean music awards ceremony that honors achievements in the local music industry.')
('One Mom and Three Dads', 'Song Na-Young, a 29-old-single mom, goes through the baby care with help of three best friends of her late husband. Na-Young, born with natural optimism and somewhat recklessness, just lost her husband and depends on three distinctive characters. Han Su-Hyung is a competent fund manager and most successful among friends, but most narrow-minded and stingy. Gwanghui is a handsome cartoonist with good taste of fashion, but an ultimate cynic. Gyeongtae is a young and good-looking detective, but too shy to speak in front of girls. Three guys at first feel burdensome when Na-Young asks for support. As time goes by, however, they start to feel a deep emotion toward the baby and to Na-Young as well.')
('Reset', 'A thriller about a man who is about to be barred from statute and goes through a series of events due to the crime he committed 15 years ago.')
("Let's Look at the Sunset Holding Hands", 'A married couple faces a crisis involving death. They look back at their past together and recognize the importance of love between them and their family.')
("A Wife's Credentials", "Is this the life that you are meant to live? Seo Rae (Kim Hee Ae) is married to Sang Jin (Jang Hyun Sung), a driven reporter for a broadcasting company. Seo Rae has been a dutiful housewife, a humble daughter-in-law to Sang Jin's parents, and a devoted mother to her son, Gyul (Lim Je No), who until recently has been a sickly child. But there is something that is missing from Seo Rae's life.")
('Bad Housewife', 'N/A')
('Hero', 'N/A')
('My Dear Cat', 'A reporter and a law school dropout strike up a fateful friendship while coincidentally searching for the same stray cat. As they become better acquainted, family secrets begin to unfold.')
('Miss Mermaid: Ineo Agassi', "Eun Ariyoung is a successful television drama screenwriter with a past. Her father Eun Jin-sub had an affair and left their family for the other woman, and shortly after her autistic brother died and her mother Han Kyung-hye went blind. Ariyoung's unrelenting hate for her father throughout her childhood and adolescence drives her to meticulously plan her vengeance. Knowing that Jin-sub's new wife Shim Soo-jung is a popular actress, Ariyoung works her way up the ranks until she earns enough cachet in the TV industry. Then she writes a script that's a thinly veiled autobiography of her father's affair and its aftermath, and casts the unsuspecting Soo-jung in the role of the blind mother to make her feel guilty. To complete her revenge and cause the maximum amount of pain, Ariyoung also plots to steal the fiance of her half-sister Eun Ye-young, the gentle-natured Lee Joo-wang. Helping Ariyoung in her plans is Jo Soo-ah, her mother's friend whose ulterior motive is that she wants Ariyoung to marry her son Ma Ma-joon. But Ariyoung finds herself falling in love with Joo-wang for real, and she eventually realizes that there is more to life than hatred and learns the true meaning of forgiveness.")
('Go! Mrs. Go!', "Mrs. Go's sheltered, idyllic existence as a housewife in a beautiful home by the sea is destroyed when her husband is disgraced and killed. She must learn to make her own way in the world when she faces losing everything.")
('Best Chicken', 'A man works for a big company although his dream is to run a chicken restaurant. A woman who lives at a bathhouse that her late grandfather left behind, only leaves her home when she absolutely has to. She wants to become a webtoon writer. These two meet and grow with each other.')
('Can Love Become Money?', 'N/A')
('Ruler of Your Own World', "Go Bok Su has had a difficult childhood and served time in prison for stealing. Jeon Kyung, a moody tomboy and a daughter of a rich family, plays the keyboard as a member of an unknown indie rock band. The vocalist of Kyung's band is diagnosed with a brain injury from an accident, and while the band members are trying to earn money for the surgery, Bok Su steals Kyung's wallet. Bok Su decides that their meeting was fate, leaves his long-time girlfriend Mi Rae, and follows Kyung around trying to win her heart. One day Bok Su finds out he has a terminal illness and doesn't have much time left, and his life begins to change.")
('Melody of Love', "People in their twenties are still young and immature in terms of their career or love life. It's the transition period from the adolescence to the adulthood. People in their twenties mature as adult through emotional chaos and most of them are under the quest of finding love. Story of young adults who are full of passion for love and their dreams sympathizes with the viewers.")
('Rookie King: Channel Bangtan', 'N/A')
('ENHYPEN&Hi', '"ENHYPEN&Hi" will realistically show the seven winners of the reality program "I-LAND" come together as a team and fulfill their dreams. (Soompi)')
("What's Up Fox?", "They've known each other all their lives, but the 9 year age gap has made her like a big sister to the him. They land in bed one drunken night, beginning their amusing relationship.")
('Boing the Play Ranger', 'Welcome to the village of Playville. A fun and colorful playground town filled with lovable characters that can transform into playground rides.')
('Master Key', 'N/A')
('Ireohke Doen Isang Cheongwadaero Kanda', 'A black comedy political sitcom about an Olympic gold medalist who was appointed as minister of Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism and is facing a kidnapping incident of her husband who is a political critic.')
('Spy Myung-wol', 'In the romantic-comedy "Spy Myeong-Wol," beautiful North Korean spy Myeong-Wol goes to South Korea in an attempt to kidnap a popular Korean male entertainer Kang Woo. Han Myeong-Wol is an agent in North Korea working to suppress the rising wave of South Korean pop culture in North Korea. She goes after people who watch South Korean dramas, movies, or pop music, but she hopes to one day move up as an agent in the special forces. Myeong-Wol then takes a test to become a special agent, but fails the test. Nevertheless, Myeong-Wol doesn\'t give up her hope of becoming a special agent just like her father. Myeong-Wol is then given a mission to go to Singapore as the bodyguard for a high ranking military officer\'s daughter. The daughter is crazy about Korean pop star Kang Woo and goes specifically to Singapore to watch his concert. The daughter is accompanied to Singapore by Myeong-Wol and the chief of special agent team Choi Ryu. After the concert, the military officer\'s daughter asks Myeong-Wol to get Kang-Woo\'s autograph. Myeong-Wol obliging the daughter, follows Kang-Woo but finds it difficult to obtain his autograph. Kang Woo brushes off Myeong-Wol and states he doesn\'t give autographs in the public. Finally, Myeong-Wol sneaks into a masked auction event where Kang-Woo participates. Kang Woo buys an old book that is part of a 4 book collection. Meanwhile, Myeong-Wol goes near Kang Woo to get his autograph. At that time, 3 masked men attack Kang Woo to get the book. Myeong-Wol thwarts the 3 masked men\'s attempt by throwing a pen. When Han Myeong-Wol goes back to North Korea she meets with the chief of special agents Choi Ryu. Choi Ryu informs Myeong-Wol that he won\'t pick her for the special agent team. At that moment, Myeong-Wol notices the pen she threw at the masked auction event in Singapore. Myeong-Wol then realizes that she ruined their mission. Myeong-Wol then decides to go to South Korea to complete their miss')
('Eunjuui Bang', 'The tale of Shim Eun Joo, a self-employed woman who is trying to redefine her life after winning a big project as an editorial designer and subsequently struggling on her own.')
("What's Up?", "Jang Jae Hun is a high school dropout who roams the streets at night with his two best friends pick-pocketing drunkards. He accidentally causes an accident that leads to the death of a stranger. Park Tae Yi lives in the countryside with her grandfather, and inherited her musical talents from her father. Ha Do Sung composes songs in anonymity as rock star HADES. Having been abandoned at a young age by his ambitious mother, he tries to live quietly without drawing attention to himself. Kim Byeong Gun is the odd one out in his family of businessmen, wishing to pursue a career in musicals - despite his debilitating fear of performing in front of others. Eun Chae Young is the experienced actress, having been in the industry for 10 years. However, she has the desire to prove herself on the musical stage, rather than a movie actress with a pretty face. What she doesn't expect is to be challenged by Oh Doo Ri, an equally talented actress who prefers to spend her time playing first-person shooting computer games than rehearsing. These young adults end up together in the musical department of Haneul Arts University, and find themselves under the guidance of unconventional professor Sunwoo Young. With each passing day, they get a chance to learn what it is to be a 'star,' and to prove to the people around them that they can succeed in their chosen path.")
("Sister's Slam Dunk", '"Sister\'s Slam Dunk" is a South Korean variety show that features an all-woman cast of actresses, idols and comedians. Featuring actress Ra Mi Ran, comedian Kim Sook, singer Jessi, model Hong Jin Kyung and actress Min Hyo Rin, the show follows each cast member as she tries to accomplish a long-held unfulfilled dream.')
('Syndrome', 'Yeo Wook is a first-year neurosurgeon at Seoul Korea Hospital. Born with intelligence and into a wealthy family, he is called "his egocentric highness" because of his arrogance. But he has compassionate love in his heart and is determined to conquer the brain by becoming the best surgeon. Hae Jo is a competent and passionate first-year neurosurgeon in the same hospital. Yeo Wook runs into Hae Jo when he visits the emergency room of a rural hospital and gets into an argument with her about how to treat patient. Eun Hyun is a cold, workaholic fourth-year chief neurosurgeon surrounded by an aura of mystery. He becomes more and more interested in Hae Jo, who continues to grow by overcoming various problems. Tae Jin, Yeo Wook\'s father, is a great neurosurgeon, who is also faithful to his family as a considerate father and husband. He is respected as a \'living saint\' for proactively operating on patients without family or friends, but he believes that even his wife can be subjected to an experiment to construct a complete map of the human brain. As the long-buried secret around Tae Jin starts to unveil, the young neurosurgeons are swept away by fate.\n\n—JTBC')
('Immutable Law of First Love', 'Sometimes it can be hard for a teacher to forget a student in more ways than one! Jong Goo (Kim Jeong Hoon) is a high school teacher who is distraught after one of his students, Yeo Ri (Song Ji Eun), disappears.')
('NCT Life in Bangkok', "SM Entertainment's rookie boy group NCT are planning to show more of their unique characters in reality show 'NCT Life'. The season 1, NCT Life in Bangkok, focuses on SM Rookies and their journey to debut.")
('General hospital 2', "It takes more than just good grades to become a great doctor. Jung Ha Yoon (Kim Jung Eun) passed her bar exam but wants to learn first-hand what it's like to be a doctor so she can represent patients in medical malpractice cases in the future.")
('Seoul ui dal', 'N/A')
('Sarang', 'N/A')
("It's Alright, Daddy's Daughter", "There's nothing necessarily wrong with being a daddy's girl. It means that you love your father, and your father adores and possibly spoils you to show his love. But for Eun Chae Ryung (Moon Chae Won), more so than her older sister Ae Ryung (Lee Hee Jin) and younger brother Ho Ryung (Kang Won), being a daddy's girl means she's not only spoiled but also that she relies a little too much on her father, Eun Ki Hwan (Lee Jeong Kil), to take care of everything in her life.")
('Be Strong, Geum-Soon!', 'N/A')
('Tong: Memories', '"Tong: Memories" is a South Korean web movie. It is considered to be the prequel to the popular webtoon "Tong" Lee Jung Woo (Lee Hak Joo) has always had a short temper and doesn\'t like to be messed with.')
('Die Ketchup-Vampire', 'A new breed of vegetarian vampires who prefer tomatoes to jugulars. When old-fashioned Transylvanians come to town, things sure get wild in the castle.')
('Laurel Tree Tailors', 'N/A')
('Lights and Shadows', 'This historical dramatization traces the rise of Kang Ki Tae (Ahn Jae Wook), largely considered Korea\'s first superstar entertainer. As the son of a rich business owner, Ki Tae discovers early on that he\'d much rather goof off than work in one of his father\'s cinemas. The rascally Ki Tae "borrows" money from his dad and runs off to finance his future in film. From Ki Tae\'s early, humble days on an American military base stage, to his meteoric rise from the 1960\'s through present day, this drama navigates beyond the smokes and mirrors and fleshes out an inspiring, true story.')
('Assorted Gems', "Assorted Gems is the hilarious, heartwarming story of four siblings, all named after gemstones, who learn to live together and get along with one another in their family's boarding house. Jade is the eldest of the family, a demanding perfectionist with her heart set on marrying a rich man who will rescue her from poverty. Ruby, a nurse who is also determined to marry rich, begins to fall for another tenant. Coral, their younger brother, is a hardworking law school graduate preparing for the bar exam. The youngest son, Amber, is an aspiring actor. Presiding over these eclectic four and the tenants of their boarding house is patriarch Gung Sang Shik - who is going through a mid-life crisis at age 55 and their irresponsible, shop-a-holic mother. Sparks fly between parents, siblings and tenants as many conflicting personalities struggle to reside under one roof.")
('Popcorn', "Young Hoon and Hyun Soo first meet when they share a taxi ride and, to Young Hoon's embarrassment, he doesn't have money to pay his share. Later, Young Hoon starts working at a wedding place and again meets Hyun Soo who already works there. They hate each other and constantly fight. Then, before you know it, they fall in love.\n\n—Anonymous")
('Two Mothers', 'N/A')
('My Beloved Sister', 'Maturity comes to some with very difficult life lessons. Yoon Seung Joo (Song Yoon Ah) grew up in the lap of luxury and has never wanted for anything while growing up.')
('Birth Secret', "Jung Yi Hyun (Sung Yu Ri) is gifted with a genius level IQ and has a good education. But when she happens to have retrograde amnesia, she loses ten years of her memory, from age 17 to 27. She's also unable to remember her husband Hong Kyung Doo (Yoo Joon Sang), and their genius daughter Hae Deum (Gal So Won). Confused by why she had married such an unsuited man, she'd forgotten that they'd met and fallen in love at the brink of their suicide attempts. Although her husband Hong Kyung Do is poor and uneducated, he is a good husband and a loving father. He will help her regain her memories and make sense of their life together.")
('Unknown Woman', 'N/A')
('Track City', 'A young boy gets transported inside the world of a Racing Video Game. Will he achieve victory or be annihilated?')
('Sisters Over Flowers', 'N/A')
('A Thousand Kisses', "After divorcing her unfaithful husband, Joo-Mi receives a second chance at romance with an ex-professional soccer player named Woo-Bin. However, Joo-Mi's and Woo-Bin's age gap poses challenges to be overcome.")
('Tempted Again', 'A british lad in love with Japanese pottery, sails for Japan despite his mothers objections. On his way he meets a tornado and ends up in an island where foreigners are forbidden.')
("Right Now It's Girls' Generation", 'N/A')
('Lady President', 'Seo Hye Rim is a hot-tempered news announcer who was fired by the broadcasting company, but is later elected to the National Assembly and became the first female president of Korea. She faces political pressure and potential impeachment from Kang Tae San and his followers, but survives with the aid of the prosecutor Ha Do Ya.\n\n—Anonymous')
('Aillaendeu', 'A westernized Irish adoptee, Joong-Ah inevitably flies back to Korea to confront her past and to see the country she is really from, only to fall in love with her brother, Jae-Bok. Their love is painful, as they are never meant to be together as lovers, but merely as brother and sister.')
('She is Nineteen', "This series is about a 19-year-old girl, Yoo Min, who was being abandoned after the death of her mother. She lives alone with her adopted brother, Kang Pyo. She accidentally meets Seung Jae, the younger brother of Min Jae. By chance, Yoo Min actually had a crush with Min Jae, a doctor who treats her brother illness for a long time. To fight off his mother demand, Min Jae gets in an engagement contract with Yoo Min and they all end up living at Min Jae's house. Unexpectedly, Yoo Min and Seung Jae are going to the same high school. From there, Seung Jae secretly loves Yoo Min. On the other hand, Yoo Min's father who got amnesia from a car accident is looking for her again when 15 years ago, she had been abandoned by two women who worked at the restaurant. The conflict comes when the people who are living in Min Jae's house are actually related to Yoo Min's abandonment. They are the ones who stole the inheritance and abandoned her when she was four year old.")
('The Secret of My Love', 'N/A')
('The Flatterer', 'Poong Lang High School is not your average high school. It is full of the worst students, troublemakers and former dropouts')
('Inkigayo', 'Inkigayo is a South Korean music program broadcast by SBS. It airs live every Sunday at 15:50pm KST. The show features some of the latest and most popular artists who perform on stage.')
('Queen of Reversals', 'Hwang Tae Hee lleva una vida de ensueño, después de crecer en una familia adinerada, fácilmente obtiene un codiciado trabajo. Siendo demasiado adicta al trabajo para tener tiempo para el romance, se queda pasmada cuando se enamora rotundamente de Bong Joon Soo. Ella lo busca y muy pronto terminan casados. Cuando la luna de miel se termina, Tae Hee se da cuenta de que su rival en el trabajo y la ex de su marido, Baek Yeo Jin, se ha apoderado de su trabajo. Mientras lucha con su trabajo y su matrimonio, ella también debe lidiar con su arrogante e inmaduro jefe, Goo Yong Shik, que se enamora de ella, mientras su vida se cae a pedazos. Queen of Reversals es una historia de una mujer que se las ingenia para recuperar todo lo que ha perdido solo con mera voluntad y determinación. La querida actriz Kim Nam Joo (Queen of Housewives) nuevamente toma el papel principal en la seminueva versión de Queen of Reversals. La acompaña el conjunto de los carismáticos actores: Jung Joon Ho (Iris), Park Shi Hoo (Prosecutor Princess), y Chae Jung Ahn (Coffee Prince). Watch the original Queen of Reversals here!')
('The Unusual Family', 'N/A')
('Awl', "Lee Soo-in is a supermarket manager with a strong moral compass. After being ordered to sack all temp workers, Soo-in defies his boss and joins the union. Together, Soo-in and the temp workers fight to change the company's labor practices.")
('Gangnam Scandal', "Eun So Yoo works as a stylist. She struggles to make enough money to pay for her mother's operation fee. Due to a case, So Yoo gets involved with Choi Seo Joon, he is from a rich family. So Yoo pretends to love him for his money, but she falls truly in love with him. Seo Joon has an in incurable disease. He is more interested in playing around than working and he doesn't believe in true love.")
('Unemployed Romance', "Im Seung Hee (Lee Young Ah) scribbles her days away in hopes of becoming a drama writer, but there are a few things holding her back from her big break: specifically, she's broke and lives off of unemployment benefits. Things get tricky when Seung Hee's first love, Kim Jong Dae (Nam Goong Min), ends up working at the benefit office, but this embarrassing encounter just may turn out to be the story of a lifetime. While it may seem that the trouble with being a writer is being a paid one, Seung Hee needs to learn a thing or two about the biggest hurdle of all: living a love story worth telling.")
('Bi Chun Mu: Dance with Sword', "In the early Ming Dynasty, Lau, the owner of the Book of Sword, is murdered. Lau's subordinate Kok raises his son Zhen-ho and teaches him martial arts from the Book of Sword so that he can seek revenge for his father.")
('Tomorrow Boy', "A romantic and youthful story of Ahn Tae-pyung, a handsome and high-spirited boy who's taking care of his grandmother and four siblings after his parents passed away, and Jo Ara, a wealthy girl who has a crush on him.")
('Style', 'Lee Seo Jung has recently joined a fashion magazine company called Style. Her boss, Editor Park, is loathed by her employees because of her bad temper. As Seo Jung is trying to climb the ranks of this company, she realizes that the fashion world is not a pretty place. Romance, backstabbing, competition, and lies all come along with the territory. However, she meets Seo Woo Jin who helps her during this tough time.')
('Jeogdoui Namja', 'A tense, emotionally charged tale of brotherhood and betrayal, it follows two best friends with a tragic, twisted history that follows them from youth to adulthood.')
('Mischievous Detectives', "A comedic mystery that follows two genius high student and a female police detective as they solve cases that arise while following the disappearances of the boys' parents.")
('Lunch Box', 'Lia is an Indonesian university student who studies in Korea. Yong is a Korean boy who loves cook and has a crush on Lia.')
('Ready Go!', 'N/A')
('Amoreupati', 'About a woman whose family is everything, and another woman whose success is everything, and the fierce battle between the two who jumped into the second act race of their lives and how they renewed their lives as they rise up again.')
('Naejoui Yeowang', "Ji-ae, a slightly dim woman that was once queen of her high school, is followed everywhere by her ugly duckling friend Bong-sun. Years later, Ji-ae is something of a frump, though no brighter, dominated by greed and pettiness. When her husband takes a job at corporate giant, Queen Foods, his boss is none other than the husband of Ji-ae's old tagalong, Bong-sun--now a beautiful swan!\n\n—D. Bannon")
('Hidden Singer', 'Pop stars and impersonators face off to be the last one standing as the audience tries to determine the real singer by listening to their voices only.')
('Sweet, Savage Family', "In a comedic blend of mayhem and domesticity, Yoon Tae Soo (Jung Joon Ho) takes up not one, but two high-stakes roles: head of the house and gangster kingpin. As the hardworking breadwinner of his family, Tae Soo may seem like just another loving father who's trying to get by, but when he says he'll stop at nothing to ensure his family's happiness and security, he really means it.")
('Bride from Vietnam', 'On the street of Ho Chi Minh, two people stand out in the crowd, Han-sook (Mi Sook Kim), and her sister-in-law, Gunja, who have come to Vietnam to find a kind, naive girl to marry Jun-woo. However, they can\'t find anyone they like, and as they are about to give up, they are approached by Jin-ju who asks them to take her instead. Han-sook likes the fact that Jin-ju\'s father is Korean, and decides to take Jin-ju as her daughter-in-law. However, Jin-ju, who is half-Korean half-Vietnamese, has decided to marry Jun-woo in order to find her birth father. A month later, Jin-ju, who pretends she\'s Korean who grew up in Guam, comes to Seoul and marries Jun-woo. Jin-ju meets Jun-woo for the first time on the day of their wedding and falls in love with him. On their wedding night, Jun-woo tells Jin-ju that he cannot love anyone. Jin-ju is heartbroken but begs him to stay with her for at least two years until she gets a green card. Jun-woo agrees to this "contract-style" marriage under one condition: that they do not fall in love with each other.\n\n—http://asianwiki.com/Bride_from_Vietnam')
('Someday', 'Hana is a shy manga artist who wants to tell the 60 year love story of her neighbors through her drawings. While uncovering details about the lives of her neighbors, Hana discovers more about herself, love, and life.')
('Heroes', 'South Korean variety show that features 12 female celebrities competing in various games and missions to decide who is the most popular among them.')
('A Daughter Just Like You', "Hong Ae-Ja (Kim Hye-Ok) works as a host at a home shopping channel. She has three accomplished daughters: Ji-Sung (Woo Hee-Jin), In-Sung (Lee Soo-Kyung) and Hee-Sung (Jung Hye-Seong). Hong Ae-Ja's family interconnects with So Pan-Seok's (Jung Bo-Suk) family and Heo Eun-Sook's (Park Hae-Mi) as in-laws.\n\n—http://asianwiki.com/A_Daughter_Just_Like_You")
('Romance', "Fatal love strikes us out of a sudden and helplessly takes us deep down into the sea of fervor, giving us no choice but to yield. This drama beautifully unfolds the forbidden passion between a teacher and a student. Chae Won (Kim Ha Neul) and Kwan Woo (Kim Jae Won) meet for the first time at a rural seaside village flower festival. They fall in love at first sight, not in their dreams have they known that Chae Won is the teacher at Kwan Woo's high school. The second time they meet is at the classroom where they realize the situation and become bewildered and embarrassed. The love story between the two young people is overlapped with Kwan Woo's tearful success story and this inspire the viewers with high emotion.")
('Uiga hyeongje', "Both brothers and rivals, Kim Su Hyung (Jang Dong Gun) and Kim Jun Ki (Son Chang Min) are doctors at the same hospital. Young and promising figures in the field, Su Hyung and Jun Ki are dedicated to their profession, though not always as disciplined in other matters. Su Hyung's rash and insensitive personality often brings tears to his longtime girlfriend Min Joo (Lee Young Ae), who is also a doctor.\n\n—leleonorab35")
('Surgeon Bong Dal-hee', "Bong Dal Hee (Lee Yo Won) is a first year resident doctor who strives to become a surgeon despite her heart problem. She works under Dr. Ahn Jong Geun (Lee Bum Soo), a cardiac specialist, and even though they don't get off to a good start, the two grow fond of each other as time goes by. Dr. Lee Geon Wook (Kim Min Joon) divorced his wife, Dr. Jo Moon Kyung (Oh Yoon Ah), after he found out that his 6-year-old son was actually fathered by another man before they married. He still has feelings for her, but feels betrayed and cheated. This medical drama portrays the lives of resident doctors, their ups and downs, depicting crisis in a hospital as well as politics among its management staff.\n\n—DramaWiki")
('Apgujeong Midnight Sun', 'The lives of cable TV employees become intertwined as they enter romantic and combative relationships with one another.')
('Soulmate', 'Combining everything you love about shows like "Friends" and "Sex and the City" this refreshing, witty and sexy sitcom is not to be missed. Following six charismatic characters on their blind dates, breakups and hookups in modern day Seoul, this quirky show found a large audience with a younger crowd, becoming an instant cult classic that holds a special place in K-drama fandom.')
('Love to the End', 'Con woman married to a good hearted family to get his revenge.but, her sister-in-law happen to be in love with her ex.')
('Action Dad', 'The story revolves around Liz Ramsey (Chelan Simmons) and her little brother Mick Ramsey (Ashleigh Ball Joel McFarlene in the pilot), two normal teenagers with one exception; their father Chuck Ramsey (Michael Donovan) is a secret spy and their mother Angela Ramsey (Sarah Johns) is a super-villain. Although the two parents work for both good and evil, they have the same intention of keeping their children out of harm from their missions and enemies.')
('Mystery Television', 'Mystery Television is a popular weekly show in South Korea that has been running since 2002 with two casts: a Korean cast that speaks in Korean and an international cast that speaks English. Every week, a 50 minute episode features five short stories that each have a surprising twist or mystery. Currently in syndication on the Fox Korea Network, it is now reaching an even broader audience on the Korean peninsula and it is exported to China on a weekly basis where it is also a smash hit.')
('Hooray for Love', 'Kang Jae-mi is the daughter of divorced parents. Her father Kang Hyung-do cheated on her mother Oh Jung-hee, which led to their divorce. He is now married to a much younger woman, Byun Joo-ri, but still has lingering feelings for his ex-wife.')
('All About Eve', 'Nicole and Erika are two contrasting women born to different fates battling for the same destiny.')
('Ordinary Love', 'A young man is consumed by the death of his older brother and the fact that the killer was never prosecuted. Han Jae Kwang (Yeon Woo Jin) is a travel writer who is convinced that Kim Joo Pyung (Lee Sung Min) killed his brother seven years ago and has been on the run from the law ever since.')
('Channel', 'N/A')
('Running Girls', '"Running Girls" is a reality program in which female K-pop idols in their twenties will join a "running crew" to seek out beautiful natural running courses in South Korea. The show follows a new trend called "run-trips," where people travel for the sake of finding new and beautiful places to go running.')
('Night After Night', "A story about a single woman in her late thirties and an art scholar with a roving eye for young nubile girls who try to recover a national treasure. Professional tomb raiders who can tell apart a Goryeo celadon from a white celadon by just smelling the dirt surrounding them and a detective who can tell what kind of criminals they're dealing with by just surveying the remains of a looted tomb... There are others such as the inspectors who dedicate themselves to catching tomb raiders out of patriotism and an art expert who uses high-tech gadgets and his extensive knowledge to spot fakes... These people are involved in cases surrounding cultural heritages and the ups and downs of their lives unfold in this drama with exciting episodes. The leading male character is an art expert who detects forgeries and restores original art pieces who doesn't get along with the leading female character who is an inspector working for the Cultural Heritage Administration of Korea but they work together to solve the case of stolen cultural heritage pieces and they find love along the way. Watching their bizarre dating ritual, people will feel sorry for them and at the same time vicariously feel a flutter in their hearts. There are poignant scenes where the inspectors develop a friendship with the looters they put behind bars. Using high-tech gadgets, the inspectors restore art and identify fakes in this interesting, heart-stopping drama.\n\n—MBC Global Media")
('Olympus Guardian', 'N/A')
('Sweden Laundry', 'Kim Bom runs a laundromat, and helps people with her ability to read their worries through their laundry.')
('Return of Bok Dan-Ji', 'There is one parent who stands out as an exception in the posh Gangnam neighborhood and her name is Bok Dang Ji. She moved to Gangnam and lives paycheck to paycheck and believes that she is blessed like Cinderella because the man she married was someone she had a crush on. Then she meets a prosecutor who has a privileged life and a lot in common with her. He was born poor but reached the wealthy elite class through sheer determination. His name is Han Jung Wook. But one day, they both find their lives spiraling downward. This show revolves around Bok Dan Ji, a Gangnam mom, and Han Jung Wook, who is rudely knocked off his perch as a member of the wealthy elite, whereupon they gradually develop a relationship and find true love.\n\n—MBC America')
('18 vs 29', 'Yoo Hye-chan is unhappily married to Kang Bong-man, a top actor. On her way to file for divorce, Hye-chan is suddenly involved in a car accident. When she wakes up at the hospital, her mindset has reverted to that of an 18-year-old. Bong-man tries to support his wife the best he can during her recovery; their relationship slowly rekindles.')
("Girls' Generation's Horror Movie Factory", 'N/A')
('The Secret Lover', 'Is love enough to sustain a relationship or is wealth and status also necessary in a modern-day relationship? Choi Do Kyung (Kwon Oh Joong) has been dating Seo Young Ji (Han Ji Hye), but he breaks up with her because she is from a poor background like him and he is determined to marry a rich woman to better his station in life. Do Kyung has his eyes set on the beautiful Jung Ah Mi (Song Seon Mi), who is a plastic surgeon.')
('Wanna One Go', 'N/A')
('I Hate Going to Work', "A slice-of-life office drama about people who don't want to go to work that will resonate with everyday office workers.")
('Great Escape', 'N/A')
('Smile Again', 'N/A')
('Salamander Guru and the Gang', 'A pair of common thieves and a young computer hacker run a fortunetelling scam, while helping people with their personal problems in their spare time.')
('Hanwoo Rhapsody', 'This program explains the Korean love of beef, and the many cuts of meat, and includes the never ending way it is prepared and cooked.')
('Soul Special', 'Jin Mi A has returned back to Korea. Upon exiting the airport she stumbles onto Yu Gil. Thus begins their series of encounters and their story.')
("Prince's Prince", "Park Shi Hyun's younger sister is so engrossed in video games and her computer. Shi Hyun tries to get his sister to return to the real world, however his nemesis Lee Mong Ryong is trying to stand in the way.")
('Mr Duke', 'Jang Soo-jin is tricked into returning to South Korea by her father who wants an heir for his corporation. At the same time, Kim Yong-nam, a water bottle delivery man assumes a large debt to get some friends out of trouble. Jang Soo-jin and Kim Yong-nam end up using each other to try to solve their problems. Jang Soo-jin must pass off Kim Yong-nam as a Korean elite worthy of marriage, to get her father to back off. and so the story begins.\n\n—thornnnn')
('Bong Soon: A Cyborg in Love', "Beautiful and intelligent, Bong Soon (Yoon So Hee) is nearly perfect, except she's a cyborg! And on top of that, she has a peculiar fail-safe built into her system-one that causes her to shut down as soon as love stirs in her cybernetic heart. But despite this design flaw, Kim Joo Sung (Cho Kyu Hyun), a whiz programmer, sets out to write the ultimate code for romance.")
('The TaeTiSeo', "A look into the lives of the Girls' Generation sub group, TaeTiSeo.")
('Trot Lovers', "When she's not making ends meet, Choi Choon Hee (Jung Eun Ji) hones her skills in trot music, an old-fashioned, but heartfelt genre. Her luck turns when she when she pairs up with Jang Joon Hyun (Ji Hyun Woo), an arrogant songwriter who excels in pop hits, as well as Jo Geun Woo (Shin Shung Rok), a shrewd talent CEO. Choon Hee's star burns hot, but between work and love, can she overcome the haters and trot her way into success?")
('Her Lovely Heels', 'N/A')
('Single Wife', 'N/A')
('Invincible Youth', 'A group of young Korean pop-stars experience how it is to live and survive in the rural Korea outdoors.')
("Matchmaker's Lover", 'N/A')
('Gag Concert', 'Gag Concert is a Korean sketch-comedy TV show on KBS 2TV network. It began airing in September 1999 and is the oldest of South Korea comedy programs.')
('Cheers to Me', "There's nothing wrong with drinking away your troubles alone after a stressful day. Ra Yeo Joo (Yoon Jin Seo) is in a high-stress job as an editor at a busy publishing company.")
('The Color of a Woman', 'Two women who work at a cosmetics company want to get ahead through very different means. So Ra wants to use her Ph.D. and hard work ethic to achieve success in her career.')
('Home Sweet Home', 'How much does your home life influence the person you become? Kim Jin Seo (Kim Hye Soo) and Mo Yoon Hee (Hwang Shin Hye) are high school classmates who have had very different upbringings.')
('Byeoljubu hero', 'A small turtle and a rabbit rush to save an undersea kingdom.')
("Family's Honor", 'Dan-ah is participating in a seminar in Jeju island. Tae-young is caught cheating with another woman by his wife at a motel in the outskirts of Seoul, and as he leaves he sees his sister-in-law come out of the same motel with another man. After that incident, his brother Soo-young begins seeing Jin-ah, and he meets Mal-soon.President Ha Seok-ho is widowed and he finds out that his girlfriend, Lee Young-in, is pregnant. Then his grandfather suddenly passes away.Lee Cheon-gab and his son Lee Kang-seok hear about the death of Chairman Ha Man-ki and they think it would be a good idea to attend the funeral as a way to establish themselves in high society and break away from their "nouveau riche" status. Dan-ah meets Lee Kang-seok once again. During the funeral, Dan-ah has to handle the disturbing news that her father\'s girlfriend is pregnant and that her brother\'s wife is having an affair while grieving for her grandfather. After the funeral is over, the wives of her two brothers ask for a divorce and leave them. Now Dan-ah is the only lady in the household and is in charge of preparing the ancestral rites. Hyun-gyu tries to help Dan-ah during these difficult times. Meanwhile, Lee Kang-seok is a thorn in her side as he keeps showing up and creating problems for her. Then, she has to grapple with the news that her father wants to marry his girlfriend, Young-in, because she is pregnant. Every member in her family enters new romantic relationships.\n\n—me')
('One Fine Day', 'N/A')
('She Is Wow', 'N/A')
('Pandalian', 'N/A')
('Show Me the Money 3', 'N/A')
('Barefoot Friends', 'N/A')
('When Spring Comes', "Lee Jung Do's father is a swindler and intends to resume his old habits as soon as he got out of prison even though he has promised his son to go straight. Because of his father's record, LJD had a hard time finding jobs but he overcomes these obstacles, passes law exams, and becomes a prosecutor. Oh Young Joo is a detective and her precinct is in LJD's neighborhood. Kim Joon Ki who comes from a well off family is also keen to become a prosecutor. He meets OYJ through a blind date and has continued to pursue her even though she isn't interested. Moon Chae Ri is a small time swindler who hooks up with LJD's dad in his plan to do one last job before fulfilling his promise to his son to stay out of trouble.\n\n—Nazanin Es")
('Magic Cellphone', 'Oh Tae Ji (Kim Jinwoo) is a young man who works as a salesman in a makeup store. His first love is Ji Hee (Park Min Ji), who now uses the stage name Latte and is a famous idol and rising actress.')
('Grandpas Over Flowers Investigation Team', 'The lives of four detectives in their twenties are changed forever when something goes wrong in one of their missions, three of them rapidly age overnight and find themselves in the bodies of old men in their seventies.')
('Love on a Rooftop', 'After being re-adopted, Seung-Hye is finally accepted into a family. Meanwhile, Do-Jin chooses to dissolve his family ties in lieu of romantic love.')
('Mr. Goodbye', "Yoon Hyun Suh (Ahn Jae Wook) is an adoptee who grows up in the United States. He becomes successful as a top manager of a hotel chain. He is assigned to do business in Korea. He falls in love with Choi Young In (Lee Bo Young), a sassy concierge from the hotel he is assigned to. There is trouble still looming because Kang Soo Jin (Oh Yoon Ah) who is Hyun Suh's best friend's ex-wife comes back with vengeance in mind. The three become entangled in this love triangle.")
('Big Forest', 'N/A')
('Conspiracy in the Court', 'N/A')
('Precious Family', "The drama shows how members of a good-natured family endure life's hardships and how the love they have for each other helps them no matter how many difficulties they face.")
('Hoo-yoo-jeung', "He can tell if they're future killers or future victims. What's a regular kid supposed to do with this kind of power?")
('Hot Blood', 'N/A')
('Great Inheritance', 'N/A')
('All About My Family', "Once upon a time, two divorcees remarried and opted to raise their three kids together as siblings. Two decades later, the tranquility of the couple's 'golden years' is interrupted by the problems of their adult children.")
('Byeoleun nae gaseume', 'An orphan is adopted into a hostile family environment. She harbors an undiscovered artistic talent, which helps to catapult her into the lives of two men.')
('DoongDoong', "Follows the adventures of a baby gorilla and his friends: a fish out of water, a baby lion who can't wait to grow up, a pretty pink ostrich and an ever-hungry elephant.")
("I'll Give You the Stars and the Moon", "Family is like a haven to us. We love them even to pick the stars and the moon for them. In this drama, a family, whose members are all scattered away due to the conflicts, comes to realize that it's each other that will best protect them from hardships. Seo Jin Woo is a surgeon who has a trauma from his younger days that causes surgery phobia, Han Chae Won works in food research and deeply in love of Jin Woo, and the ambitious Kyung Joo who abandoned Jin Woo to choose Min Hyuk. Together, they depicts the story of love and hate.")
('The Shining Eun-Soo', 'Wrongly accused by a rich bratty female student, a young teacher lost her job.The teacher and the student reunited later as sister-in-laws as they married into the same family. Things get complicated as they could become step-sisters.')
('Beating Heart', 'Beating Heart (aka Six Love Stories) is a 12 episode Korean TV drama that revolves around the life of a somewhat ordinary modern family. Broken down into 6 two part episodes (each helmed by a different writer and director), this series weaves together the individual lives and loves of each of the family members into a coherent and effective story.\n\n—Anonymous')
('Riders: Catch Tomorrow', 'Is the new business idea crazy or is it just crazy enough to succeed? Cha Gi Joon (Kim Dong Wook) is a well-educated young man who begins his career in an enviable entry-level job at a large corporation. But he is not happy with his life.')
('The Origin: Five Elements of Human Civilization', "A documentary about Asia's ancient science history, focusing on the scientific aspects of how Asian ancestors understood and controlled fire, water, wood, metal and earth, the five basic elements of the ancient Asian world view.")
('Longing for Spring', 'Mal Ja who is a part-time worker at a PR company loves all living creatures, but she has experienced a trauma with horses.')
('Enemies from the Past', 'N/A')
('Goodbye, Dear Wife', 'Cha Seung Hyuk (Ryu Si Won) is used to the spotlight and loves being adored by fans and women. As a champion martial artist, he has it all - good looks, great athleticism and a winning record. Kang Sun Ah (Hong Soo Hyun) leads a much quieter life after being abandoned as a baby in front of a convent and raised by nuns. When she is rejected by her first love, Kim Hyun Chul (Kim Min Soo), she pledges to become a nun herself. But when Seung Hyuk meets Sun Ah, he falls in love with her. When she tells him that she could never be with a martial arts fighter, he gives it all up for her, winning national acclaim for his romanticism and making women swoon throughout Korea. The reputation wins Seung Hyuk major endorsement deals, and he soon makes enough money to open up a famous sports center. He marries Sun Ah, and they lead an idyllic married life for five years. Until, that is, Seung Hyuk becomes bored by it all. Then his former girlfriend, the mysterious and deliciously dangerous Oh Hyang Gi (Park Ji Yoon) comes back into Seung Hyuk\'s life, promising a much more exciting life than the blase one he shares with his angelic wife. Seung Hyuk decides to leave his wife for Hyang Gi. Meanwhile, the scorned Sun Ah also faces conflicting emotions when Hyun Chul comes back into her life, and the reason why he left her seven years earlier is revealed. Can her marriage be saved for does fate have other plans for her? "Goodbye Wife," also known as "Goodbye Dear Wife," is a 2012 South Korean drama series directed by Kim Pyung Joong.')
('Obeo deo reinbou', 'The bright and dark side of the world of stars is dramatically captured in this drama by giving a realistic depiction of singer-wannabes ambition and their dash for stardom. A story about the painstaking work it takes to become a popular singer, the intrigues and betrayals arising from constant meetings and partings, and heartbreaking love that blooms amidst all that. It presents viewers with a glimpse of a life that burns like a flame.\n\n—MBC')
('Ice Girl', 'Just before a young couple gets married, the girl has a heart attack. Her father, who is a scientist, refuses to let her die and freezes her in. She is awakened again in 25 years with no recollection of her memory. She is still a 21 year old girl who falls in love with her doctor. What is his connection to her past and her one-time fiancé?\n\n—Anonymous')
('Poolhawooseu Teikeu 2', "The long-awaited sequel to Full House it's no-holds-barred in this second series about modern and unconventional romance. Feisty hapkido teacher Jang Man Ok fights her way to become the stylist of TAKE ONE, a popular idol group. Pretty boys Lee Tae Ik and Won Kang Hwi comprise the group, and although they have vastly different personalities, they both take a liking to Man Ok. What follows is a steamy, polyamorous love triangle. Man Ok is living the fantasy: dating an entire idol group at once!")
('Dr. Gang', 'Kang Dal Go, a mid-level member of a Busan gang, gets kicked out of the gang after being investigated by the police and is forced to flee for his life. Hiding out in Seoul, he gets himself hired as a doctor at a nearby hospital, where he quickly clashes with Kim Yoo Na, a dedicated and outspoken doctor who criticizes his incompetence and lack of care. Gradually, however, the former gang member and the beautiful physician begin to fall in love in the midst of their clashes, to the dismay of prosecutor Suk Hee Jung who is also pursuing Yoo Na.')
('Wanna Taste?', 'A restaurant owner whose 6 years younger lover is cheating on her.')
('Coffee House', 'A acclaimed writer and a successful businesswoman get caught up in complex relationships with old friends.')
('Chiro and Friends', 'Chiro, Chico and Chess are three adorable chicks who go on enchanting adventures throughout a picturesque world where everything is square-shaped, including their friends Charlie, Ullala and Kuri.')
('Flowers for My Life', 'A Beautiful Love story Between a man (Yoon Ho-Sang) Facing death and a Women (Na Ha-Na)who Loves money more than anything.')
('There She Is', '"There She Is" is a short love web miniseries about a rabbit named Doki and a (initially hesitant) cat named Nabi. The pair live in a world where cross species love is forbidden and often pays homage to the way the LGBT community has historically been treated.\n\n—Dale Hawkes')
('Telemonster', 'A group of creatures having misadventures. It stars Eerie (a werewolf), Rock-G (a frog), PoPo (a robot) and Yossi (a kitsune).')
('Happy Ending', 'N/A')
('I Love Lee Tae-ri', '"I Love Lee Tae Ri" is a romantic comedy about a 14 year old middle student who suddenly grows up to become a 25 year old man. Hwang Min Soo then becomes an assistant to a plutocrat heiress Lee Tae Ri.')
("Mother's Sea", 'Young Hee has lead a comfortable and financially secure life as an upper middle class housewife. When her husband passes unexpectedly after his business fails, Young Hee must find a way to support herself and her four children.')
('President', "Three months before the presidential nominating convention, Jang Il Joon, from the New Wave Party, declared his candidacy. On that same day, a woman died in a gas explosion in Sam Chuk. Yoo Min Ki, a documentary producer, heard of his mother's sudden death and headed back home. As he cast his mother's ashes in the sea, he thought of his childhood: his father always blurted out that Min Ki was not his son whenever he was drunk. After the funeral, Min Ki returned to Seoul and Jang Il Joon asked Min Ki to work as a PR agent to record the election campaign process. When Min Ki asked Il Joon why he was chosen, Il Joon confessed that Min Ki was his son. Min Ki soon begins to suspect that his mother's death was not an accident and that Il Joon had actually killed her.\n\n—KBS World")
('The Green Chariot', "The Planet Terra, once called a morning star in galactic system, was so beautiful. However, Terra is now under crisis that it may disappear with big explosion in universe due to the pollution and warfare. Dr. Chaco is the only one who knows the key of saving the planet Terra. The only way to save Terra is to make rainbow system work with seven mysterious crystals. To find 7 crystals, Dr. Chaco holds a race to achieve his plot to build his own universal dynasty with the power of the crystals. Riding Hamos Rick joins the race not knowing Dr. Chaco''s plot. Rick comes to know the secret of the crystals on the way of the race, tries to revive the planet Terra. This causes a war between Dr. Chaco and Rick to get the 7 crystals and rainbow system.")
('Missing Korea', '"Missing Korea" is a romantic comedy set in the fictional year of 2020 when North and South Korea have taken significant steps towards reunification. One of those steps include hosting the first-ever combined Miss Korea pageant.')
('Autumn Shower', 'A story about a man, Choi Yoon-jae (Oh Ji Ho) who ends up getting into a car accident causing the passenger, who is his wife, Gyoo-eun (Kim So Yun) to end up in the hospital who now suffers from a coma. Park Yeon-seo (Jung Ryu Won) is Gyoo-euns best friend, who secretly is in love with Yoon-jae. While Gyoo-eun is in a coma, her husband and best friend starts an affair. Will Gyoo-eun ever wake up from her coma? If so what will happen?')
('Icing', 'N/A')
('Jang-mit-bit In-saeng', 'N/A')
('Make a Woman Cry', "Jung Deok-in was once a homicide detective, but she quit her job after the death of her only son. To preserve his memory, she now runs a food stall in front of her son's school, where she also tries to protect the neighborhood children and her student customers from bullying and other dangers. As Deok-in goes on a journey to discover the truth behind her son's death, she must go through a staggering process of healing and forgiveness.")
("Girls' Generation Goes to School", "The story of Girls' Generation's debut days.")
('Romance Blue', "It's easy to sell the idea of love but hard to actually allow yourself to fall in love. Min Woo (Park Min Woo) works as a professional dater, taking clients on dates and giving them a special experience for just one day.")
('Kimi no kioku o boku ni kudasai: Pigumarion no koi', "Story about friendship and love: when Mika looses her memories about her lover Hyung-joon, her boyfriend's friend steps in to act as her boyfriend.")
('Mom', 'N/A')
('Weding Deureseu', 'Hana and Doo-na are two sisters who each want to get married.')
('Love Again', 'Can you escape the difficulties of your current life by returning to a more innocent area of your heart? A group of grade school friends hold a reunion after 30 years. Lee Tae Jin (Choi Cheol Ho) is a magazine editor who is separated from his wife and learns that he has a terminal illness. He wants to see his grade school friends again so he organizes a reunion. It may be specifically to see Im Ji Hyun (Kim Ji Soo), whom he has always liked, and Seo Young Wook (Ryu Jung Han), his biggest rival and friend. Ji Hyun has been going through a tough time since her husband lost his job, and she has been working at a hospital cafeteria to help support her family.')
("Your Neighbor's Wife", 'Two couples who live in the same apartment are each tired of insipid marriage; a mysterious event leads to secret cross-romances in that quartet.')
('Annyeonghaseyo haneunim!', "The story is about a bright and innocent 27 years old guy with an IQ of 65. Because of his issues he is neglected by society and frowned upon, but he tries to be optimistic and not let it bother him. Seo Eun Hye, a fumbling swindler running from the cops and who only believes money can bring her happiness, and love will bring more sadness then it's worth. One day she meets this boy and hey completely changes her outlook on life.")
('BASToF Syndrome', "Three teens are sent on a mission to fix damage where a video game's and a real world's collide.")
('Podobat keu sanai', "The Vineyard Man starring Yoon Eun Hye and Oh Man Suk When filial duty calls in the form of working at her grand uncle's vineyard in a remote village, Seoul-based fashion designer Ji Hyun (Yoon Eun Hye) is unhappily yanked from the big city-and her life-for one year. As if the circumstances weren't bad enough, she runs into Taek Gi (Oh Man Suk), a local villager who was wrongfully arrested while visiting in Seoul-an arrest based on an accusation that he had stolen one of Ji Hyun's dresses! In this romantic comedy, adapted from Kim Rang's hit novel The Vineyard Man , Ji Hyun learns about the simple, sweet things in life, as well as a thing or two about real love.")
('The Forks with Spiky Hands', '"the Forks with Spiky Hands" is a comedy animation based on the popular South Korean Naver Webcomic "Tilly the Spiky Hands". The series follows the unusual Fork Family on their everyday adventures as the parents deal with work and home life, school, and even ghosts. Daughter Tilly has pointy, sharp hands and an even sharper wit. Patriarch, Mr. Fork, wears a frightening mask but has a heart of gold. Kooky and carefree mom Mrs. Fork is crazy about cupcakes, and naughty son Chaby can talk with animals.\n\n—Tak Toon Enterprise')
('Marriage Cuisine', 'Archen had enough of her husband Yang Shu, and divorce him. Later after her Discovery of non happy single life she regret it, but what is important? The pride or The heart?')
("Kang's Kitchen", 'The spin-off of New Journey to the west')
('NCT Life in Osaka', "Yuta takes in upon himself to be NCT's guide on their trip to Osaka, Japan.")
('Woman of Matchless Beauty, Park Jung Kum', 'N/A')
('Tomorrow Victory', 'N/A')
('Harvest Villa', 'N/A')
('Ad Genius Lee Tae Baek', 'N/A')
('Paradise Ranch', 'Han Dong Joo (Max Changmin) and Lee Da Ji (Lee Yeon Hee) were once desperately in love and married at 19 after struggling to convince their parents, but they had divorced after a mere six months. Six years later, they meet coincidentally at a horse auction in Australia and discover that their feelings for each other are still very much alive.\n\n—Lee Joon Woo')
('My Shining Girl', 'The drama is about the events that happen in a broadcasting company. This drama also focus on the love triangle between the three main characters, Kang Min (Kim Hyung Joon), a top star in the Korean entertainment business who a is bit temperamental. No Yong Woo (Park Kwang Hyun), a well know producer. and Jun Ji Hyun (So E Hyun), a newly minted scriptwriter.\n\n—Lee Joon Woo')
('Agi gongryong Doolie', 'Dooly is a baby dinosaur that was kidnapped by aliens, who had experimented to give him magical powers. When he returned to Earth, he was trapped in an ice glacier causing him to faint during the Ice Age. About 100 million years later, one of the glaciers broke off and he came to Seoul.')
('Under Nineteen', 'Under nineteen is a survial show for trainees of age 19 and under. 57 contestants are split into three groups that specializes in vocal, rap or performance. The top 9 contestants, who gets voted and choosen by supporters, in the final elimination debutes as a team.')
('My Love, Madame Butterfly', "Once a famous top star but due to happenings and incidents, Nam Na-bi has more anti-fan cafes and now lives with the in-law's.")
('Saranghandamyeon ideulcheoleom', 'Lee Na (Lee Hyo Ri) is a rising singer who was about to debut but tragedy struck her when she found out she had leukemia. Another girl took her place and sang her debut song at her concert. Now everybody thinks that the other girl is her. Jung Tae (Lee Dong Gun) survived a department store collapse only to find out that he has cancer. Lee Na and Jung Tae meet and fall in love.')
('Secret Agent Miss Oh', 'Oh Ha Na (Lee Soo Kyung) is a lowly policewoman who lacks a sense of duty and believes that it is worth bending the rules in order to achieve your aims.')
('Twinkle, the Dream Being', 'Twinkle is an intergalactic genie who grants all the wishes of the inhabitants of the Land of Possibility along with his partners Nova and Wishball. The perverse witch Miss Diva Weed tries to enslave the inhabitants and get rid of Twinkle.')
('Invincible Lee Pyung Kang', 'N/A')
('Jumping Girl', "How in the world can this happen? Nam Sang Ah [(f(x)'s Luna] is an ordinary girl. But her life is turned upside down when she mistakenly become the victim of a public witch hunt.")
('Yurihwa', "During their childhood, Dong Joo and Gi Tae are both abandoned by their real parents. In the orphanage, they grow up like brothers and become best friends. Ji Soo transfers to the school where Dong Joo and Gi Tae attends. At the same time, they both fall in love with her. While trying to get Ji Soo's ocarina, Dong Joo is caught in the river and is presumed drowned. A Japanese couple adopted him after he was rescued in the river and he became a heir to their corporate throne. Meanwhile Gi Tae takes Dong Joo's place in Ji Soo's affections and they later become a couple. Twelve years later, Dong Joo, as a Japanese gentleman, returns to Korea and his feelings for Ji Soo begin to develop and his friendship with Gi Tae begin to unravel.")
('How to Meet a Perfect Neighbor', "Baek Soo Chan has nothing in his hands but he lives a life under the belief that he will become the man any woman who sits next to him wants. However, his belief is questioned when he starts to realize true love. When playboy Baek Soo-Chan he finally meets his match with Jung Yoon-Hee. He goes absolutely crazy. His once blissful life of messing around with women has become something of the past every since Yoon Hee started to make snide remarks as she tries to protect her older sister from being trapped by his playboy ways. Yoo Joon Suk is the heir to his father's very successful company. He is forced to come back and take over his father's company when his father suddenly collapses. Yoon Hee then becomes Joon Suk's assistant and falls for her boss. Will Joon Suk return her feelings and will they be able to be together despite his mother's objections?")
('Hello! Miss', 'Based on the Korean manhwa "Kimchi Mandu" Hello! Miss is a comedy that puts a traditional Korean family up against a nouveau-riche Korean family with a grudge. Lee Da Hae (My Girl) and Lee Ji Hoon (King Geunchogo) star as polar opposites who slowly find themselves falling in love. Lee Soo Ha is the 38th granddaughter of the Jae Ahn Lee clan and the owner of a traditional Korean manor. She\'s doing her best to keep her family\'s traditional values afloat and save her home from going bankrupt. Hwang Dong Gyu is the eldest grandson of the conglomerate TOP Group, and he wants to snatch up Soo Ha\'s manor to give to his grandfather, a former servant at the manor hell-bent on dying in the master suite. Dong Gyu tries to convince the stubborn Soo Ha to sell, while trying to fend off his rival and cousin, Hwang Chan Min. But model Seo Hwa Ran also has her eye on the manor, not to mention Chan Min.')
('The End of the World', 'N/A')
('NCT Life: Team Building Activities', 'The third season of the NCT Life series. It features the NCT 127 members planning and carrying out leisure activities in Paju.')
('Candy in My Ear', 'N/A')
('The Family Is Coming', 'N/A')
('Nae saeng-ae ma-ji-mak seu-kaen-deul', "Hong Sun Hee is a housewife who accidentlly meets her first love, Jang Dong Chul again. Now he is known as Song Jae Bin and is a famous movie star who didn't recognize her. Sun Hee's husband lands himself in jail for debts and Sun Hee appliens the weathly Dong Chul for aid. He isn't inclined to help her because she's no longer the beauty she once was but eventually she moves into her house as a housekeeper.The two bicker constantly but slowly they discover the feelings they had at 19 aren't compeletly gone.\n\n—Lee Joon Woo")
("Kang Koo's Story", "Kyung Tae (Lee Dong Wook) is cold-blooded and perceived to be a good-for-nothing guy. To take care of his dead friend's older sister, Moon Sook (Park Joo Mi), and nephew, Kang Koo, Kyung Tae goes to Ganggu Harbor in Yeongdeok, South Korea. He takes care of Kang Koo, who is cautious around the unfamiliar Kyung Tae, and Kyung Tae falls in love with the ill Moon Sook.")
('Please Come Back, Soon-ae', 'N/A')
('Nae sa-rang pat-jooi', 'Song Yi is a girl with a pure heart but has a bad temper. She was tricked and humiliated by her "best friend" Hee Won as a child. From then on, Hee Won has always been the princess and successful while everyone mistook Song Yi for the evil child. When Song Yi did not have a job, Hee Won introduced her to the amusement park that she is in charge of. There she found her childhood friend and ex-crush Hyun Sung, who Hee Won has "stole" when they were kids. From then on, Hee Won tried to humiliate Song Yi many times, framing her in many situations that Hee Won has created herself. To get back at Hee Won, she decided to break the train that the park was launching so that Hee Won would be blamed. Little did she know that she caused more damage and that the train caught on fire. What was worse was that the son of the president of the park was on the train. Ridden with guilt, Song Yi risks her own life to save the life of Seung Joon. Seung Joon fell in love with Song Yi for her brave spirit and charming attitude, but what will happen to their relationship when Hee Won exposes to the world of what she has done?')
('Cheongchun', "Life and love for young people living in the 90's with their dreams heading towards the millennium. Yet their dreams are not lofty aspirations but realizable ordinary ones that each of us embrace in our hearts. The main character Hyun-Woo, a boyish and outgoing young man is a computer mechanic who is diligent at work and loves to do all kinds of sports. Deep in his heart he has never forgotten his first love, Chae-Hee who is now engaged to his high-school senior. Thus, he never quite pays attention to the cute Won-Young working in the same office. Won-Young promises herself not give up her dreams - love for Hyun-Woo and her ambition to eventually become an announcer on TV. In times of loneliness and anger she climbs up to the rooftop of her office building and shouts on the top of her voice. This is a drama viewing young people's lifestyle, goals in life and their innocence and purity in love.")
('Uniminipet', 'N/A')
('The Wedding Scheme', "A mother, widow, and kimchi company owner feels she's failed in raising her 4 attractive, very different, adult daughters and schemes to straighten them out by finding them husbands.")
('Oh Su-jung vs. Karl', '7 years ago, world-renowned golf player Go Man Soo was dumped by beauty queen Oh Soo Jung. He is now rich and handsome, and she has lost her beauty.')
('Hateful But Once Again', 'A wealthy family falls apart when secrets, lies and adultery shatter their perfect facade.')
("Don't Hesitate", "A brokenhearted woman makes a romantic connection with a man who doesn't believe in love. For this relationship to work, both must learn to trust one another by overcoming their respective fear of being hurt again.")
('Into the Flames', "The drama recounts the life of steel magnate, Park Tae-Joon, who became the founder and chairman of POSCO, a then-fledgling South Korean steel company that grew into a multinational steel-making conglomerate. The story revolves around Park's tireless effort to build a steel mill amongst the devastation in the aftermath of the Korean War. Rising up from the ashes amidst poverty and despair, this is the story of the Korean people's resolve and a relentless drive towards modernization.\n\n—Anonymous")
('Gootbai sollo', 'This drama attempts to send a message that any human being is beautiful by just existing in this world. People\'s desire to have their say in everything, to succeed and to be beautiful stems from their deep-rooted disbelief in themselves. They are unable to love themselves the way they are. The underlying reason for the loss of interest in life is the disappointment with people. But even those who get disappointed with other human beings are negligent in loving their own selves. The main character, Kim Min Ho, was born into a family of a business tycoon but his family turned away from him because he was an illegitimate child. While having a hard time because of her mother\'s re-marriages, Chung Soo Hee falls in love with Kang Min Ho, who turns out to be a friend of her boyfriend, Yoo Ji An. Frivolous Choi Mi Ri loves gangster Kang Ho Chul against her family\'s wishes. Oh Young Sook calls herself "crazy" and disguises herself in a lie. All these people are linked together by the mute owner of an eatery in the neighborhood, an old woman named Mi Young.')
('Molierissimo', 'N/A')
('The Outstanding Woman', 'A young fashion magazine editor balances work, friends and romance.')
('Majimak seungbu', 'N/A')
